http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-montana_y8Td.jpg ; Valeriana montana
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_oXzp.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_2XNs.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-monspeliaca_-DFy.jpg ; Polygala monspeliaca
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_Kk42.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis__K44.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_XMru.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_1CUv.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Eriophorum-angustifolium_w_hs.jpg ; Eriophorum angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_T74e.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_T3EY.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_iU2-.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_N_Ix.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_kR5D.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_L2Fo.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_qzSa.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_xmxX.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_olGr.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_Uc4r.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-multifida_TsFQ.jpg ; Lavandula multifida
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lanceolata_1LA8.jpg ; Plantago lanceolata
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-viviparum_K7xW.jpg ; Eryngium viviparum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-pilulifera_gE1D.jpg ; Urtica pilulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_loA8.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_X6Ks.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_3cKq.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_5r6j.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_Dwba.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_fFh5.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_0xuE.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-officinale_lBUB.jpg ; Sisymbrium officinale
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_IxUt.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_EkkH.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_j4Lg.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_YAlU.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_C7Ik.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_eryU.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_7Gcs.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_gl-4.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_r8Km.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_T5Q1.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_uzcp.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_-EfR.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_dbCE.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_WdUN.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_kWeg.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-telonensis_POA-.jpg ; Adenocarpus telonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_yIXe.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_QFoT.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_B3Ei.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-kraussiana_Xn9g.jpg ; Selaginella kraussiana
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-longus_3zYh.jpg ; Cyperus longus
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_pBZB.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-multifida_d6UU.jpg ; Lavandula multifida
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_-z-E.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_9rP2.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_Xva9.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_uvxp.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_RuRm.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_p8hy.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_75JX.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_EyrQ.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_kNTL.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_vR6G.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-ageratum_RzBv.jpg ; Achillea ageratum
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_u2qg.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_ourP.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_WMdn.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer__5Nw.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_1HPP.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_w_HN.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_h_HG.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_rG_h.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-laurifolius_8rWM.jpg ; Cistus laurifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_uCzb.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-illyricus-illyricus_dic3.jpg ; Gladiolus illyricus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_IELz.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_gS85.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_mV_T.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_IcoY.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_pzEC.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_7FL0.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_jkPl.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_aPlm.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_jzcE.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_OxbR.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_sAUY.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_Zwx3.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_XUWN.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_zNNj.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_r2mr.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_m3qi.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_8IcA.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_tWNl.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_eo00.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_x7oJ.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_BUZM.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_Af0s.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_BcP1.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_J5T5.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_CJw7.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_1epC.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_ZFbY.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_XmPZ.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Galega-officinalis_w3AK.jpg ; Galega officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_8pAL.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudarrhenatherum-longifolium_StBd.jpg ; Pseudarrhenatherum longifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_tWaX.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_M4Mt.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_BgcD.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_HNZT.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_SmxU.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_eQpt.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_APtm.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_CEAk.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_NTdM.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_lhCs.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_AA_5.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_2mqS.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_GyA0.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_OmO0.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-pratense-pratense_1gb1.jpg ; Trifolium pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_OCjG.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_bkct.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_AfCm.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_Bhmr.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Narthecium-ossifragum_O5tA.jpg ; Narthecium ossifragum
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_S8Tt.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_GiGE.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-ramosissima-globularis_fFNy.jpg ; Myosotis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_kv-2.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-muricatus_4ZQc.jpg ; Ranunculus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_NzMj.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_edMJ.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris__Jk-.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_egiL.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_ImKr.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_v1gu.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-denticulata_njiH.jpg ; Selaginella denticulata
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_uusk.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_DrU2.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_uKUb.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_ZWy6.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_taZi.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_Z9in.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-suaveolens_MF0S.jpg ; Mentha suaveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_mXPF.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_Xd-Y.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-vulgare_GQIJ.jpg ; Echium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_K95L.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-stellatum_VTaZ.jpg ; Trifolium stellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_wkxR.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_zcco.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_7HkJ.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_lJR2.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_7UFX.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_TWQM.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_jPHL.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_yR4v.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_5pZZ.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_vLmN.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_y-yc.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_bEQ8.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_ojcK.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_li0_.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_GB9I.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_xwfv.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_JJc6.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_8bLv.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_nQk7.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_RAJn.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Spiraea-hypericifolia-obovata_cW9i.jpg ; Spiraea hypericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_PYt_.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_CBf5.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_OCQV.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_krO-.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_Kmz-.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_4C2L.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-affinis-affinis_taEg.jpg ; Dryopteris affinis
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_Cw27.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_dj7h.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-viridis_yg62.jpg ; Salvia viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_8ZDJ.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_CNux.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_tkF5.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_Np73.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_pfj9.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_l-nJ.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-officinale_eSNW.jpg ; Sisymbrium officinale
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_XhzC.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_kwPj.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_HsKM.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora__pxH.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_B4xz.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_0913.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_V_Ki.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_WDl3.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_HQmC.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_K0y_.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_CeEm.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_jyCZ.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_3BGu.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_aezI.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_Xdji.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_OxA4.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_kULT.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_CH96.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana__v-s.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_0q9Y.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_Bija.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-diffusa_P54h.jpg ; Ononis diffusa
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_IFyH.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_LgyY.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_NRpu.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-serpyllifolium-lusitanicum_TWyw.jpg ; Alyssum serpyllifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_xeuP.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_XPgx.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_2FEi.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-coronata_h4b3.jpg ; Valerianella coronata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_YRxB.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_ekLf.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_EMVl.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_cxXN.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis_ih8H.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_RRTc.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_z6hn.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_B9IF.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_sfq_.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_I3P-.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_8EJS.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-angustifolia_DbF0.jpg ; Vicia angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_WIdR.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_V6Ed.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_YkaV.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_64SF.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_hThj.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_uE5V.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_C4qA.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_OTxF.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris_Ewn7.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_IEUk.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Spiraea-hypericifolia-obovata_aww5.jpg ; Spiraea hypericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_ifwy.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_2v6d.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_NG7u.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Anthericum-liliago_Tiq8.jpg ; Anthericum liliago
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_oQli.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_Do8_.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_3eDj.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_0n6-.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_YbQb.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_Vkj5.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_WYW1.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_20ua.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_b-LJ.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galeopsis-tetrahit-tetrahit_yviL.jpg ; Galeopsis tetrahit
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_kaTi.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_U73-.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_Iy-H.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_-UVk.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_-XLF.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_BiZC.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_T6vD.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_oF2T.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_OSDv.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_RwJo.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_9BPr.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_lPW3.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_gpsm.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_WRAt.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_Kmwi.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_jvU1.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_Qmk8.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_7tQs.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_sEQl.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-campestre_LxG4.jpg ; Trifolium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_GHqJ.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_btSq.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_WtxS.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_ayTJ.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_gjMy.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_clz9.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_fEpl.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_sHbx.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_cnVG.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_70Sc.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_1-qZ.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-triuncialis_e4PZ.jpg ; Aegilops triuncialis
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_iGvv.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_hudA.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_G1Ot.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_uvzk.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_Z_lB.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_9Ukb.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida__GNq.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Eriophorum-angustifolium_SwaE.jpg ; Eriophorum angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_raXS.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_Y4BC.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_cQll.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_yYF-.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_d5yB.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_Qirl.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_nHjm.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_mcBs.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_9x6I.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_9kFs.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_Ar1w.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_BdsV.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-picta_21uL.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_juwY.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_a17f.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_WA3p.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_aQ_K.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_wA9M.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_06j1.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_iF72.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_h7Bi.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-lanceolatus_m2K7.jpg ; Bromus lanceolatus
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_ffid.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_bbc_.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_HkAt.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_vuEF.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_9BSl.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_mP0W.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-interjectum_E2l-.jpg ; Polypodium interjectum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_2pl3.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_h9mf.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_yrjo.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_1ZEF.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-anglicum_BlSV.jpg ; Sedum anglicum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_ATXE.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_jd0C.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-baeticum_NAFe.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_pIyo.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_egjs.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_bavW.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-aquatica_vC7I.jpg ; Mentha aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_mmaw.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_yEMH.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_QPdo.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_21he.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_j3vu.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_joLI.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Panicum-repens_K3u0.jpg ; Panicum repens
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_QHc9.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_jki4.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_Ujhk.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_GO5S.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_JA3t.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_Xf4v.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_NTav.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_v05Q.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_cSvW.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_sXqS.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_UH0C.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_yfAI.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_5pvJ.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_ciX-.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_sl9B.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_FL59.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_2wEG.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_P-w6.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_-G0O.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_iKp5.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_d8uK.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_EoVC.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_bxud.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura_K8dn.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_J9lL.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_Ys2v.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_7uVH.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_NyGc.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_euCx.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_uGB-.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_FH9o.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_iaz8.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_T3Es.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_wfQA.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_gzJU.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis_lXBH.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-emersum-emersum_YHlv.jpg ; Sparganium emersum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_pm5f.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_InKg.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_4o-U.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_hEK9.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-aviculare_A5Fx.jpg ; Polygonum aviculare
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_UGfq.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Pteris-vittata_kcxz.jpg ; Pteris vittata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_ojL3.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_qDT5.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_yPbS.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_Brkx.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_kDwP.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_IzEd.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_Sp4T.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_nshg.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_HtLR.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_8-Xm.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_oe7y.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_QnYU.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_Bn2Y.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_yRSm.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_-hiT.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_29q2.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_5qZU.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_gQM1.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_N7q0.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_ev3-.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_bQYY.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_oybk.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_DvzT.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_eAx5.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_ST98.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_n6xw.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_qm31.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_Bocx.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_e3tA.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_UZXD.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_qyrT.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_ECz-.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_AlNN.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_rFZL.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_dVmh.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-longus_1GD4.jpg ; Cyperus longus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_zacv.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_t2_G.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_h2h3.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-inflexus-inflexus_e0Gu.jpg ; Juncus inflexus
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_lP_p.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_jb0m.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-acetosella_2r-q.jpg ; Oxalis acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia___fb.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_ut1B.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_qz4G.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_uPBb.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_hPdS.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_91En.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_Qihf.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_AnJn.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_hAjy.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_0DjQ.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_OGwF.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_Duf9.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_KfXq.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-obtusifolius_YbSv.jpg ; Rumex obtusifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_2wps.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_kV_m.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_YY80.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_LKYt.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_cIoJ.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-periclymenum_i6R3.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_yDTw.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_UNOa.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_QGQ_.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_SaNR.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_dG99.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Gaudinia-fragilis__uCX.jpg ; Gaudinia fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_5883.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_13MU.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_hoNj.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-stellatus_w7T1.jpg ; Rhagadiolus stellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_rO31.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides__KKM.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_OYV3.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_ZivI.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_KObX.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_1wN9.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_aLbY.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_B2tp.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_T6Pl.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_JZv-.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_gllU.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_qGZ9.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_uOMg.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_EL4q.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_whU7.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_-aIO.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_EGx3.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_SA1R.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_0X9A.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_eQ8y.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_Uf6r.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_9uec.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_Uct6.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_Ells.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Gratiola-officinalis_3IZP.jpg ; Gratiola officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_xO4f.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_yeoP.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_m6E6.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_maHG.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_58Vr.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_DxvS.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_oVMT.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_2CyS.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_ytZW.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_1lmf.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_JXbe.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_L0hZ.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_29GJ.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_XkeF.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_MEw9.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_3y1x.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostis-curtisii_QZQf.jpg ; Agrostis curtisii
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_YHYM.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_C4Mq.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_5j67.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_nfo2.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_uKjn.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_ycYd.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_jBQ3.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_BD1b.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_zMG-.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_ugzT.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_pZM4.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_ipCr.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_hqs3.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-planiflora__uEN.jpg ; Cuscuta planiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_5c-v.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_UwLx.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_1aj1.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Acanthus-mollis_PL1w.jpg ; Acanthus mollis
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_EOov.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_uwZ8.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_9MtA.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_Ga9V.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_NU62.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_yvjU.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_Dhdb.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_fl2v.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_Ozat.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_HJ0-.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-pyrenaicum-lusitanicum_bhIj.jpg ; Geranium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-stellatum_s9PO.jpg ; Trifolium stellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_sd5x.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_KRZB.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_nsga.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_uexo.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_Ie6o.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_PdLb.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-vulgare_hwGz.jpg ; Polypodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_rRlz.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Exaculum-pusillum_ff8f.jpg ; Exaculum pusillum
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_Jqnb.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_ezsV.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_ZId6.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_rurN.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_OrDX.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Narthecium-ossifragum_nDZ0.jpg ; Narthecium ossifragum
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_YwRr.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_f3rx.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_q5uh.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_G5pb.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_Tq02.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_75Jy.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_zP5T.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_JcM-.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_hAOj.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_K1QL.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_EzOF.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_0EQj.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_h_gC.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_IY5B.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_oKh8.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_xJ82.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_285z.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_eSrP.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_hJAi.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_3YWw.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_Io1V.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-officinale_yEUA.jpg ; Sisymbrium officinale
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_dGek.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_nSx-.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_Hz0b.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_4OoK.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-maritimum_7v-s.jpg ; Triglochin maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_uLEy.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_gWD-.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_q7Eb.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_60C-.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_PVQy.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica__rnI.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_8d9e.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_Vw2j.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_cTir.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_dDfx.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_CWWB.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_DjRZ.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_WDLz.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_Yk1c.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_dWPF.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_AqFW.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_cAMd.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_XxhC.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_-7UK.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_rQOI.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_hxhs.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_PWKn.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-serpyllifolium-lusitanicum_c0Gi.jpg ; Alyssum serpyllifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_SpXr.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_FfFw.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_XNDD.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-opulus_fL-h.jpg ; Viburnum opulus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_V4Fv.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_2kcM.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_hfIo.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_260D.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-medium-medium_D1ci.jpg ; Trifolium medium
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_QOSu.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_QlhK.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_EwMW.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_hNBr.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides__vpA.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_hWpe.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_PyTn.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_N25Y.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_QL0S.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_TYr9.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_-gZD.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_7-iz.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_Fwxf.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_Tjyy.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_nBdS.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_KmtN.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_K8wM.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_Uwy2.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_tap9.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_GcLk.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_SVjH.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_oliI.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_aZuE.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_t25R.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_5zei.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_p7wn.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_vxE6.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_4AXx.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_dz4c.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_th_g.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_EuLk.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_j-ZM.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_aHPf.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_IAfQ.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_BD_G.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_y3s-.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_RbR0.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_hMXt.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_KxbV.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_JNyR.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_EE3l.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_Dnaq.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_7N3N.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_3dm0.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Aeonium-arboreum_tWDs.jpg ; Aeonium arboreum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_5Hwe.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-laciniatum_iDmR.jpg ; Solanum laciniatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_A3Q0.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_qEzS.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_vIk8.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_aLZE.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_Tbta.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_Od2Q.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_edKw.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_BVwZ.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_Wgx9.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_yi7m.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_Hz8y.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_ttvM.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_7jBK.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_LaED.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_5UcT.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_1uMZ.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_VvuO.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_9yDs.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_3Nxz.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-anagalloides-anagalloides_RFJ_.jpg ; Veronica anagalloides
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_Slo8.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_02j_.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_kV2e.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-arborescens_L_em.jpg ; Viola arborescens
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_uaya.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-micranthum_C_lo.jpg ; Trifolium micranthum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_1WQ8.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_wkIL.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_TvoV.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_US05.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_MzI7.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_Ckng.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_FBEA.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-ageratum_8JE0.jpg ; Achillea ageratum
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_KcUy.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Anacamptis-pyramidalis_oC9M.jpg ; Anacamptis pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_VtLM.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_DWe2.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-vulgare_cKIx.jpg ; Polypodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-stellatus_spOe.jpg ; Rhagadiolus stellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-vulgaris_T6w5.jpg ; Senecio vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_R7td.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_sSOf.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_4N_z.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_aMIf.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_iWLz.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_z4qf.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_gIvx.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_egB6.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_5zvA.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_srSl.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_6VIc.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-spiralis_eotK.jpg ; Spiranthes spiralis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_Cz4n.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_j7cP.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia__SBE.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Paspalum-dilatatum_D_Fk.jpg ; Paspalum dilatatum
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris__Jm3.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-hemisphaerica_zsWQ.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_pObp.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_ycRD.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_3JVh.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_Y0q2.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-dissectum_o5DP.jpg ; Geranium dissectum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_3yD-.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_DlWz.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_Nho7.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_Sezs.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_IESv.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_OWN7.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_a53K.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_yzGK.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Origanum-vulgare-virens_hzAq.jpg ; Origanum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_HUNB.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_jCw3.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_ivzj.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_M32k.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_xrNA.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_HkmR.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_Ft02.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_Jx6z.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_8ZNF.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_O8D2.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_e1aL.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_fKL2.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_D6BM.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_I4-8.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratophyllum-demersum_RIVW.jpg ; Ceratophyllum demersum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_BXOI.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_xIPF.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_Y4yz.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_m0pH.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_0PfH.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_5qzK.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-paludosus_g7O6.jpg ; Ranunculus paludosus
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_U8wb.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_dJxj.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_BZOk.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_1KsX.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_YPfN.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima_7zp3.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Danthonia-decumbens_PCq9.jpg ; Danthonia decumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_sM9B.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_Biuz.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_FgDn.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_OWmf.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_TLBS.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_tmQu.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_Yh4v.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_xQlN.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_2J1Y.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-hirsutum_-Lt_.jpg ; Epilobium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_iuFE.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_fto7.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_sFfA.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_NPOC.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_tUsE.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_m-ea.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_E0-C.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_9r-c.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_IpQI.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_x5My.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_xcHg.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_HzSZ.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_dkMR.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_oySo.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_qSCC.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_B8hn.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_6qJi.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_CJ9E.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_h5Eu.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_fwA5.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_ZsZS.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_VQjG.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-maritimus_iSIz.jpg ; Juncus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_dbuV.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_VxdS.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_wXUf.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_oPuX.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_YHey.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_NhD2.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_1w6H.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_XJpw.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_y3yG.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_CSiT.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_gP5J.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-planiflora_WsbB.jpg ; Cuscuta planiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_qNL4.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_awjM.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_X97d.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-nodosus-nodosus_rDiC.jpg ; Potamogeton nodosus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_31B8.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_5MC0.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_T6Pw.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_xj1o.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_PmFe.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-melitensis_-XrH.jpg ; Centaurea melitensis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_Jci0.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_FquB.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_aEhV.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_YXAe.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_zNJU.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_bM9R.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_NLmr.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_JTPq.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_HKy1.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_yWeS.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica__ag6.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_bwtK.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_q6il.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_WqaX.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_MZvI.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_rXiX.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_sJyH.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_zF5L.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_oIoG.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_VU-z.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_qZ0U.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_8Jfn.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_ksdJ.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_q9FI.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-romana_AFPr.jpg ; Sideritis romana
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium__lZS.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-azoricum_ikIQ.jpg ; Ophioglossum azoricum
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_0Oz2.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis__NBY.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_umiq.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-perennis_QKCt.jpg ; Bellis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_sRyF.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_EJ5i.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_JeJ8.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_fKDg.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_1287.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Corylus-avellana_V8jM.jpg ; Corylus avellana
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_cskp.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_GWs_.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_p2Sq.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_DKW5.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_CLFN.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_O3RY.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_jSZK.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_Rwo0.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_r2Ij.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_G8bA.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_PjXc.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_FEdy.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_t2nU.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_z8Xt.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_OSN7.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_2XBq.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_FAR3.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa__wA9.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_ekWN.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_rR01.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_viHu.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_SFug.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_1RmU.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_wNbP.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_47iT.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_HhTJ.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_a73w.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_Dunx.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_PqBH.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_4-r-.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_nWYM.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_rYVe.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_yhL5.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_vsHi.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_EmJu.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_PRvi.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_5X8M.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_5bCl.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_uHLW.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_CDfn.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_Y9vV.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_T5Fo.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_AA1t.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_hWAU.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_HlsW.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_pB7q.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_I72p.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scordium-scordium_zEnT.jpg ; Teucrium scordium
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_itsX.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_ZSQ_.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_iLE2.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_X97i.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-echinata_pTi9.jpg ; Carex echinata
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_nHWx.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_GimI.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_13uR.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_FBUg.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_aOjD.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_83bJ.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_h_V0.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_spiK.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_cxJQ.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_qP0R.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_aiaN.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_yP07.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_1p0J.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_ctzM.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_-gY-.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_7hyO.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_Zm6P.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida__xdI.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_IFWe.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_Ug4q.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_vgRH.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_bzVC.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_Zcj3.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_AW3S.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_likm.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_5lRb.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_JUD6.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_5TPG.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_RDq7.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-hirsutus_-o0J.jpg ; Lathyrus hirsutus
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_Oe1a.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_5Wud.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_WT1y.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_WZ2_.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis_U9v8.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_vYjz.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_KF5C.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_bYdr.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_OCof.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_AXx6.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_H8B2.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-secunda_xVZZ.jpg ; Myosotis secunda
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_40Cl.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_ObXc.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_imTG.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_UUwB.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_HzdN.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_ldlA.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Pyrus-cordata_AONJ.jpg ; Pyrus cordata
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_WK8v.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_c6BH.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_rZ78.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_oDV1.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_7_JG.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_vSXB.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_SYd8.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_UAzK.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_zA_i.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus_Euep.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_87Cb.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_3m4E.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_OXfM.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-secunda_OHnO.jpg ; Myosotis secunda
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_kwFm.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_rY2n.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_VcMn.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_HlFp.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_5Y6W.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Panicum-repens_EId2.jpg ; Panicum repens
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_SqzY.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_3yVS.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_jPzf.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_73wz.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-faginea_ANqR.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_ymuJ.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_UBk9.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_Roq_.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_tQih.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_yBa9.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_2-OJ.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_njtQ.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_2rkQ.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_fgzo.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-crystallinum_Dl8J.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum crystallinum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_PdSi.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_r25e.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_OhWY.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_E4v6.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_rhPG.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_uEep.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_mROv.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_SGNO.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_gAvR.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_sf2J.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_Ss4l.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_J0UN.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_0K_e.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_hoFK.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_mP_p.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_LjoY.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-officinale_DseU.jpg ; Sisymbrium officinale
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_fvjf.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_Ti4u.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Alliaria-petiolata_Vd9W.jpg ; Alliaria petiolata
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_6cgn.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_tQuk.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_K1nb.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_Ww1F.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_JqFo.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_Zr9T.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea__yal.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_g71M.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-luteola_Feeq.jpg ; Reseda luteola
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-phleoides_ouzD.jpg ; Phleum phleoides
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_sFAF.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_j_NT.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-kraussiana_V8lP.jpg ; Selaginella kraussiana
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_YYxL.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_f4R8.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_15WJ.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_MMi_.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_KKqj.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_xh7b.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_tEMx.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_Wwbp.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_WNi6.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_Mnyy.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_lyrg.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_37Yl.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_NZ-b.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_pl4P.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_9fAC.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_a948.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_mLMg.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_-Yh1.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_Sglg.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_cZEq.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Vulpia-ciliata-ciliata_FnYE.jpg ; Vulpia ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Ulmus-minor_EG4-.jpg ; Ulmus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_hD8z.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vulpia-ciliata-ciliata_YxPe.jpg ; Vulpia ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-glycyphyllos_3tdI.jpg ; Astragalus glycyphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_QzzY.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_FqKV.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratophyllum-demersum_hvXn.jpg ; Ceratophyllum demersum
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_GGRD.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_d4sW.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima_1nhf.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_TdOA.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_r-AW.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_dfIk.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Vulpia-ciliata-ciliata_sRwR.jpg ; Vulpia ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_S2u1.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta__Yer.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_dCuB.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_1NhX.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_2P9M.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_kDaC.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_bNzp.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_7ML-.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_6XXI.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_iOLb.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_7XlN.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_MBlq.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_jNmS.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_4SKK.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_WSdY.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa__RBW.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-monspeliensis_pZbB.jpg ; Polypogon monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_sfsd.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_dFEg.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_RKjj.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_ycPp.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_55AK.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-insularis_50tb.jpg ; Dactylorhiza insularis
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_z2cj.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_6fAU.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_pXuV.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_bDqZ.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-saxatile_vL4-.jpg ; Galium saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_GbSb.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_xcF5.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_CDlF.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_goO4.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_wq-C.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_4OqG.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_j9TK.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_0EGa.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_SxN4.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_NV4u.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_-Txq.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_YHIk.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_tjs_.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_XsZ1.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_eywl.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_XkC8.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_81KG.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_9zSb.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_4PUf.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_8cyS.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_YtzE.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_MHPA.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_7AWg.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_mH8Z.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_8oXc.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_FbO7.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_BvAV.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_wDkk.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_GClb.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_hj2w.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_03yx.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_BN1R.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_0JLA.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_AWde.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_uGJ_.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_kaOd.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_15rJ.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_AQ81.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_pjIS.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_TZIp.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_1o6Z.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_2Dqh.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_mAHz.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_Nx8u.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-trinervis_XWAz.jpg ; Carex trinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_awXs.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_eZ-4.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_GEQw.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_NxQj.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_eHIX.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_6j1F.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_DnOa.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_4ZD2.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-temulentum_eHQp.jpg ; Lolium temulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_zzoO.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_6dwT.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_2rsA.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_lBCK.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_2np_.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_9Azm.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_CIvg.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_anzt.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-intertexta_zzku.jpg ; Medicago intertexta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_-d35.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-angustifolia_oN8d.jpg ; Vicia angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_llrg.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_mlTx.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_RlN2.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_-jEs.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_uyM_.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_zUM3.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-origanifolium_N7hO.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_WgtM.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_yK-W.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_nItx.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_D_DV.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_uJKV.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_UDil.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_W60B.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Anagyris-foetida_Dqqg.jpg ; Anagyris foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_F5j9.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_qnun.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_eC9i.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_hIAM.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_35pb.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-faya_UGrc.jpg ; Myrica faya
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_uInP.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_cRGR.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_kTuv.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_q2eU.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-fistulosus_PDP3.jpg ; Asphodelus fistulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_-mrv.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_Yc6w.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_e5Yk.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_d0gV.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_XYiH.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Tamarix-africana_YLP5.jpg ; Tamarix africana
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_qky5.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-cinerea_Orlj.jpg ; Erica cinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_IcCN.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_pNiK.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_YV_Z.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_Iczn.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_R7FO.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_gvMs.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_voXo.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_vOXN.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_yjeX.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_fJ0k.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_uTgF.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_cZYq.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_j9sY.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_VbYM.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_BL-e.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_W-E3.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_wi6J.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_02Ca.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_kRwv.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_eqaK.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_hTiV.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_1dta.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-domingensis_zojt.jpg ; Typha domingensis
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_oq0N.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_5tTa.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-gracilima_ejI_.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_quln.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_0Kd_.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_z9mD.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_ySHC.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_4Dhi.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_h883.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_hvLX.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_zxyt.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_S9U9.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-canariensis_hMxb.jpg ; Quercus canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_AhW5.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_RuoV.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_ovs_.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_24za.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_K_g3.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_kGon.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_ccIL.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_jxWU.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura_H2Pq.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_QUkS.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_JCdf.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_tdXu.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_Gjqt.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_dHqT.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_1fh9.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_qeI8.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_jQIJ.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_5S_i.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_fqpt.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-pulegium_Wjpj.jpg ; Mentha pulegium
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_WVQt.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_8lSu.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_XV-Y.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-multiflora-multiflora_EGE3.jpg ; Luzula multiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_EoJi.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_kvPN.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-medium-medium_Vfg0.jpg ; Trifolium medium
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_rqD-.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_5m1S.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_xzfY.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_BJjg.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_6l39.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_WbGw.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea__fd3.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_UVqg.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_bdYa.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Radiola-linoides_Omu1.jpg ; Radiola linoides
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_CaF6.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_i_wt.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_WRZP.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_Fjtg.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_FEfZ.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_5sJr.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Pyrus-cordata_lH8L.jpg ; Pyrus cordata
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_Cmps.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_FCik.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_5GcP.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_9DnF.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-palustris_rp-1.jpg ; Eleocharis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_lIdk.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_D34s.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_gE_h.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_TxJG.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_W0tV.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-latifolia_ZhB5.jpg ; Typha latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_AW7g.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_FOym.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_qO5v.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_neMt.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_XP3G.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_Wbrz.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_e_K0.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_EuiP.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_bXB3.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_q0QU.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_9LUq.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_xyxY.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_KVqH.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_aSI-.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_3ccg.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_Jrp-.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_T2jJ.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-alpina_dEkO.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_hrgj.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-cicutarium-bipinnatum_EqvU.jpg ; Erodium cicutarium
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_NLSj.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_-Wko.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-cordigera-cordigera_aKZz.jpg ; Serapias cordigera
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_qwMp.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_Y4St.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_zHg_.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_8xMd.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_P6JA.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_LZRg.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_zRHO.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_hwr-.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_qAv7.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_81nW.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_n4ua.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_poUt.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_4Q6E.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_t2hs.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_U2sy.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_Qeiv.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_NEMJ.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_tqGJ.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_-80H.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_sJbw.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_c6ud.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_voKT.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_O0Wq.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_lge8.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_we2J.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata__Nwg.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_ZpRz.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_fH-B.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-welwitschii_LO6L.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_qdR5.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_o7OF.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_LNDK.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_USQn.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_kNKk.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_0K-7.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_ONGO.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_O_k1.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_No5u.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_YMT2.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_mmKr.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Salpichroa-origanifolia_jDtb.jpg ; Salpichroa origanifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_fPHt.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-calycinum_ohmr.jpg ; Misopates calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_H0ss.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_EYQU.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_k2KF.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Bidens-frondosa_Zso9.jpg ; Bidens frondosa
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_HhIm.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_e3u9.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_zxCU.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_fyZ5.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_tBzV.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_Lx5g.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_fZj4.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_owy6.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_J7WZ.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_Z_Xv.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_xdsm.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_URzA.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-helleborine-helleborine_nJiK.jpg ; Epipactis helleborine
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_7Dlv.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_AZrI.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_GJSF.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_42oT.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_0a-O.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_z0hI.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_qg8u.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_0muh.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_abdP.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_6gWM.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_HDHv.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_Fwkc.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_0RRj.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_KpII.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_FtGS.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-palustris_eE5P.jpg ; Stachys palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_lL5W.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus_fw0x.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_-Ut5.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_d5lF.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_s6d0.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Polycnemum-arvense_sC3N.jpg ; Polycnemum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_yvrA.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_df39.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_4kS6.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima__cxw.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica_vNvf.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_Ea15.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_uo2T.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-nemorum_DaRj.jpg ; Lysimachia nemorum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_V1K2.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_4wUa.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_pl4P.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_H6os.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_LlqS.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_PFEZ.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-nodosus-nodosus_txNU.jpg ; Potamogeton nodosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_hZKk.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrangea-macrophylla_BuVa.jpg ; Hydrangea macrophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_5984.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_ft9p.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_ITF3.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-maxima_k36U.jpg ; Briza maxima
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_1lsa.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_P-op.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_xAM2.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_aepa.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_dnR0.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_9AD2.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_Hruw.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_G1OQ.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_BcPv.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_UJrh.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_7qs2.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_d1sr.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_OKrO.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_FXxk.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-multiflora-multiflora_RW31.jpg ; Luzula multiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_nZVy.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_UtZo.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_0-zo.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_tCCd.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_O_S2.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_lVLW.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_jvIp.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_ed_L.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_sxu5.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_AkB_.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_UM4G.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_9ocC.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_JnuP.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_RM_R.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_c9sr.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_xxFv.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_rh12.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_a1G6.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_EQyC.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_dr8w.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_CoOK.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Vulpia-ciliata-ciliata_UpO4.jpg ; Vulpia ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphoides-peltata_YWII.jpg ; Nymphoides peltata
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_WdLG.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_3MbA.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_VCcS.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_VPBT.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_Pnfr.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_OoA8.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_EYKf.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_9Gls.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_V187.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-lineatus_nmqo.jpg ; Convolvulus lineatus
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-trinervia_SW1W.jpg ; Moehringia trinervia
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_SmUa.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_NayW.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_jdrW.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_mvtx.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_eXJU.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_1FMe.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_NgoO.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_mkfK.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_dV0b.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_yDv-.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_iSCa.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_RWKD.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_Xsj_.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima__BF3.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_cfbh.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_-bC5.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_TuF7.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_ofcR.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_4M9Y.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_IqqJ.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_plPi.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_M--k.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_RIIH.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_st_Z.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-hirsutum_aY4h.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_TCr-.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_wk84.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans__ZUU.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_LLpm.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_9edz.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_EQkA.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_5zHc.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_zgg3.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Picnomon-acarna_ufLS.jpg ; Picnomon acarna
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_7ls2.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_q6Tz.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Ulmus-minor_en9X.jpg ; Ulmus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_U5vk.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-opulus_AN1v.jpg ; Viburnum opulus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosella-angiocarpus_NqXi.jpg ; Rumex acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_PY4P.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_jwQ4.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_bGYo.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_w40L.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_cuty.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_7uq2.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_W_72.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-muricatus_kABx.jpg ; Ranunculus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_KfCQ.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_wBk8.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_oWed.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_rfRY.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus_O5Rg.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-armeria-armeria_ojxh.jpg ; Dianthus armeria
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_22vB.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Exaculum-pusillum_CNWY.jpg ; Exaculum pusillum
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_oaF1.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-dyris_uqjf.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Cichorium-intybus_5Ewf.jpg ; Cichorium intybus
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_9POQ.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_eDKP.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_nrXJ.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_wJKg.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_kD19.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_Em5h.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_95e9.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_jdcm.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_lo4k.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_qFRe.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_HAUJ.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-neapolitanum_jE10.jpg ; Allium neapolitanum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_c6js.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_4UQa.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-pygmaeus_9AtZ.jpg ; Juncus pygmaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratophyllum-demersum_BL8R.jpg ; Ceratophyllum demersum
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_pKWK.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_0sYe.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora__z8e.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-acanthium-acanthium_Okat.jpg ; Onopordum acanthium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_TdJr.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_BFDR.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Phalaris-arundinacea-arundinacea_cmU2.jpg ; Phalaris arundinacea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_bxS5.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_LcWs.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_srMf.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_MDIc.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-annua_MNhp.jpg ; Poa annua
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_pdx_.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima__aSS.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_aqyQ.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_C_OA.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-maritimus_mOAo.jpg ; Juncus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus_Vsfl.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_8-cm.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_3541.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Bidens-frondosa_5gYx.jpg ; Bidens frondosa
http://flora-on.pt/Celtis-australis_9NF7.jpg ; Celtis australis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_SHkQ.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_uVFS.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_WYEp.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_Kn1_.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-sepium_aXal.jpg ; Vicia sepium
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-opulus_zFM7.jpg ; Viburnum opulus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_eVcI.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_x835.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-micranthus_pydV.jpg ; Lupinus micranthus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_K2i9.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Eragrostis-minor_-KcW.jpg ; Eragrostis minor
http://flora-on.pt/Euphrasia-hirtella_CIVj.jpg ; Euphrasia hirtella
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_YdIu.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_nD5s.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_9Ox-.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-odoratus_0LQ6.jpg ; Lathyrus odoratus
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_Yzlk.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_rn1h.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_vOkR.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_ugmj.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_QYac.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_MlQQ.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-aristatum-aristatum_gArE.jpg ; Anthoxanthum aristatum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_5VQd.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_jAOO.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_s9Wt.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_pxej.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_fYcd.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula__NYD.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_QFKq.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_Aemd.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_20w2.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_CNXI.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_VYgI.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_gJH1.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_WTDQ.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_fBEm.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_Al2X.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_7Ikj.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-montana_gm43.jpg ; Valeriana montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_Vefj.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_6KnF.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_MG2N.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_cijc.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_3XcO.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_bTsb.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_wgLQ.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_VgoA.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_wff-.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_U3SI.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_374t.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_UbF5.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_z7YN.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_wBXu.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_TNji.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_GI9L.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_i6jv.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_0xvv.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_S9o6.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_Kp_q.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_QUjb.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_V7iu.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_S9O-.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_338u.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-serpyllifolium-lusitanicum_vFFC.jpg ; Alyssum serpyllifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_Rzqv.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_kQ7s.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_iKkL.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_Ijmr.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-diphyllum_voV2.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_ThPX.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_WOiT.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_7g2k.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_xwJB.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_hd8u.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_3_oh.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_eTZW.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_4_27.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_In5s.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_fkOm.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_qhm9.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_Mmi9.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphoides-peltata_kfrP.jpg ; Nymphoides peltata
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_Y5BM.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_hV_F.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_yUc8.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_jDWc.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_ykeD.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_3vbz.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_xPhb.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-murale_zzgN.jpg ; Galium murale
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_gwPM.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_eu5t.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_7uMM.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_4Qhy.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_1BxP.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_eFs5.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_Slsc.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_ExbP.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_mLdv.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_S4-h.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_KOd2.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_3pih.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_QPhZ.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_-9Rd.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-monspeliaca_OMia.jpg ; Polygala monspeliaca
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_rMPB.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_yV8P.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-crystallinum_AfE7.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum crystallinum
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_Wb_B.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_jAbm.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_fhWp.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_ZLoq.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_FdUI.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_yHgy.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_0QZO.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Leersia-oryzoides_91ZA.jpg ; Leersia oryzoides
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_icjf.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_ioKY.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_YxV_.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_-VrT.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_cHSi.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_JEgu.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_K1Aq.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_u07j.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_pkhK.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-illyricus-illyricus_wcdf.jpg ; Gladiolus illyricus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_V6Gx.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_V4nS.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_M3Iq.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_XG6S.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_CgG5.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_REhO.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_xIiA.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_uOTe.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_YS94.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_SbkR.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_sGFz.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_q0h1.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_Yodd.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_Cvmv.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_08rD.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_qgrX.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_UBrY.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea__HWP.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea__H6H.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_s0-o.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_9RX-.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_AFKV.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_VCJX.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_CTdK.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_tIXu.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_KLES.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_bBau.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_jQY0.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_5jpw.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_fPta.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_K_Eb.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_hou6.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_7jPO.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_33Jl.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_el8-.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_Q8yk.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_Q6is.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_rBOg.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_G4_R.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_kTz9.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_IY86.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_gF1_.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_itYy.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_SDNn.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_8WoH.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-echinata_xKdm.jpg ; Carex echinata
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_rQnE.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_8GGw.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_iTyc.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_ZyO_.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_7Tex.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_mHJf.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_0zgP.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_sqRI.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_f6Pd.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_FRnt.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_9Jz-.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_gQif.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_Uhvg.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_pXcd.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_P7lQ.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_uNWF.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_82MA.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_P0dC.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_cZ-7.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_j0w-.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_FCOM.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_crx8.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_-5Q_.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_0sZi.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-stellatum_4TaP.jpg ; Trifolium stellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_bD2t.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_FRKA.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_4z9E.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_sAlK.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_5s0K.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_oaWS.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_kj_H.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_sccF.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Anagyris-foetida_7ovP.jpg ; Anagyris foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_OC9B.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Taxus-baccata_mmMC.jpg ; Taxus baccata
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_egbG.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-diphyllum_sKbf.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_cM6t.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_3oLq.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-lusitanica-lusitanica_6len.jpg ; Prunus lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_9PW1.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-incarnatum_maet.jpg ; Trifolium incarnatum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_FZlA.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_ZzSS.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-intertexta_MKBZ.jpg ; Medicago intertexta
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_CZ45.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_qlFS.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-claviculata_1cSE.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_si9v.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_SxF2.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_Ds4A.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_pyI3.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_vAVN.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_SEYS.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_hOD9.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_Xl4c.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_mAnG.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-trinervis_dLD4.jpg ; Carex trinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_v7n6.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-trinervia_TQ5X.jpg ; Moehringia trinervia
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_3TTP.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_7Exx.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_rA5n.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-albicans_Bihs.jpg ; Iris albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-hirundinaria_gWWx.jpg ; Vincetoxicum hirundinaria
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_buFc.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_Kqqp.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_3l2u.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_CYzq.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_ylQS.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-calycinum_we7n.jpg ; Misopates calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_UiBm.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_x_el.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_U1lv.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_Ch2I.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_qHPa.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-alpina_zGPu.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-angulatus_sGmg.jpg ; Senecio angulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-odoratus_uoXP.jpg ; Lathyrus odoratus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_EBMN.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_UW-R.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_gT-1.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_E2Za.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_mVZY.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_Xg1y.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_HxN-.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_r9t7.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_lnS5.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_cf75.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_uidm.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-anagalloides-anagalloides_7ba3.jpg ; Veronica anagalloides
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-effusus-effusus_1wH7.jpg ; Juncus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_EnIj.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_IlNB.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pteridium-aquilinum-aquilinum_3dVD.jpg ; Pteridium aquilinum
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_pojQ.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_hP2p.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-bilunulata_YEH2.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_czDW.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_vyEy.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_i0lA.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_zk-v.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea__XFM.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_I8Zx.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_Sue-.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_HE0d.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_jLss.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_esnz.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lanceolata_xNwW.jpg ; Plantago lanceolata
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_VUht.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_PiSn.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_qjrI.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-alba-mairei_VfO4.jpg ; Sinapis alba
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_6rGK.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_u3G2.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_Fpmv.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_0X83.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima_gG2h.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_9gwr.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_isMx.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_cfCn.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_dkk3.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-suaveolens_SfCr.jpg ; Mentha suaveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_evU4.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrocotyle-vulgaris_Ek3a.jpg ; Hydrocotyle vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_4iKa.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_gSRn.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_GTdP.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_AJK5.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_4cmR.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_wn2r.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_56Jt.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_Ss27.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-vulgaris_LZdS.jpg ; Senecio vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_Gobt.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_6afP.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_J3Se.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-lusitanica-lusitanica_HMo_.jpg ; Prunus lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_Ttol.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_yA5f.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_bskm.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_GDmw.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_evOr.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_tLm9.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides__CdA.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_yppt.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica_jLFU.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_Z2po.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_UqL8.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-nemorum_G7go.jpg ; Lysimachia nemorum
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_dJaA.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_BcfU.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_1INp.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_PFTc.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_dkj2.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_4PvO.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_aL5W.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_4LGe.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_zppV.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis_2mH3.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_mhnQ.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_2z8F.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_b-5R.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_gMEB.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_ad6B.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_FOh-.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_78Cd.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_VH-N.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_qfyn.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_xsDD.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_o9ae.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_cvki.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_rCvc.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_HuQ1.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_oH8z.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-major-major_av2G.jpg ; Vinca major
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_VJqQ.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_xCYL.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_i2aZ.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_QrMP.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_HbE_.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_UGE6.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_fyeV.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_ErKC.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_uOdS.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-incarnatum_7sB8.jpg ; Trifolium incarnatum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_k5aF.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_DMYK.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_G89O.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_okZ2.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_Bfcg.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_MzzF.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_mYqi.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_Pd5E.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_YAUV.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_IrQ0.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_zVPL.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_mdAD.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_7yp7.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_eLwG.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_qkZ4.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_XSsl.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_Mqud.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-supinum__qhn.jpg ; Heliotropium supinum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_5J8s.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_mIml.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_OVa1.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_cED2.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-domingensis_7-cE.jpg ; Typha domingensis
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_psJS.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_M1My.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_mGfl.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_Uymo.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_sMqn.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_uOtM.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_RS2F.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_nsI5.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_e93c.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_olmi.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_bTG9.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_uK-N.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_4-Gx.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_GEnh.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_smmW.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_3ew1.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-equisetiforme_0BtW.jpg ; Polygonum equisetiforme
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_MtDx.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_Skj6.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_wv3X.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_sqW4.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_S_Q-.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_TDqC.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_SMjW.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_Y5Br.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_IZ4z.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_5wNu.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_my_6.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_ukv0.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_2t7y.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_W4Ym.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_-hKv.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_-mKT.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_fIYL.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_Q5Fy.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_ZfOe.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_sncd.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_I_zs.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_OjwJ.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_sRvs.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_W-TQ.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima_Af9a.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_Pu_Z.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_3mTv.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_F9gz.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_pKqX.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_jACd.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_zoT4.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Tamarix-africana_FMSe.jpg ; Tamarix africana
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_TKSz.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Narthecium-ossifragum_ICsY.jpg ; Narthecium ossifragum
http://flora-on.pt/Anagyris-foetida_W137.jpg ; Anagyris foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_TdW9.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_EkGT.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-laurifolius_qAUB.jpg ; Cistus laurifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-hirsutus_IF6r.jpg ; Lathyrus hirsutus
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_2Fw1.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_OrNm.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-hirsutum_NpxK.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_FLYT.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_mjcf.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_GLHp.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_mqpU.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_Grc7.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_7j6N.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum__YDL.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_WjCA.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_CTzF.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_GeJ3.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_vLMM.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_eHb5.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_Azf3.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_2e2l.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_kCPX.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_GN_q.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sylvestris_rtj-.jpg ; Lathyrus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_1HmD.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_24Vf.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_la65.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_lyeS.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_iDBv.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_3Esy.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_8nwB.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_vB_C.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosella-angiocarpus_D1lb.jpg ; Rumex acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_pSQd.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_HxwG.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_iIBN.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_mlJN.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-echinata_feRL.jpg ; Carex echinata
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_mAYZ.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-hirsutum_77Bb.jpg ; Epilobium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_By49.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Digitaria-sanguinalis_ifiY.jpg ; Digitaria sanguinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_cdUT.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_PUCv.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_6UJ4.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_uVcD.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_NefG.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_5JBj.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sylvestris_XOKh.jpg ; Lathyrus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_Yoof.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_zvX7.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Acanthus-mollis_So1N.jpg ; Acanthus mollis
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_-KwB.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_sK3m.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_y31W.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_GLNh.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_4Lqt.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-rubiginosa_BTvp.jpg ; Rosa rubiginosa
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ericetorum_dBx4.jpg ; Allium ericetorum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_2bem.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_0xrQ.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_5ypV.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_XTlG.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-vineale_noXR.jpg ; Allium vineale
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_6yAC.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_2kaN.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_kAKr.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_aXWm.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-helleborine-helleborine_e2CI.jpg ; Epipactis helleborine
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_c-eW.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_Snfx.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_Hjq1.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_9cNR.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_qu7W.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_CCJd.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_PBO_.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-anglicum_kdtf.jpg ; Sedum anglicum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_fUjj.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hirta_jn0o.jpg ; Carex hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_b8Jt.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_YnRN.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_3LDR.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_9Kp7.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_EXgO.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_G7qx.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-chamaepitys_ufbm.jpg ; Ajuga chamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_IhA8.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_Dwt_.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_mzpQ.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_SMG2.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_ab2c.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-phleoides_fAyt.jpg ; Phleum phleoides
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_oZWI.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_BWUf.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_Oalv.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Alliaria-petiolata_Ld7O.jpg ; Alliaria petiolata
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_YslY.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_wbyk.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_ZWzH.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_hzqO.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_2ycy.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_Rt2v.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_8gbb.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_aHdK.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_LK4B.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_E2-E.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_tDTp.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_4KHO.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_vupR.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_xDxc.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_2JTc.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_UuvZ.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_LkTZ.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_gLz9.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_FYkf.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_HANw.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_avWk.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_0tm0.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_2T3P.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-forsteri_9FhO.jpg ; Luzula forsteri
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_Q1nN.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_ABD1.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_9wuT.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_i-rF.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_gsWd.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-halepensis_X36D.jpg ; Pinus halepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_h-91.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_W98d.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_4Q05.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_MhJk.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_-jTe.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_M84-.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_-XrX.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-coronata_mMZE.jpg ; Valerianella coronata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_fq7v.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_XOqs.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_3o4P.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_DKKv.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_7OCT.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_WbkZ.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_i2f1.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_EYvb.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_xMPZ.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Hordeum-murinum-leporinum_c5uS.jpg ; Hordeum murinum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_qbj5.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_JKKv.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-micranthum_9op7.jpg ; Trifolium micranthum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_LmCQ.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_zYfB.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_nj-B.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_tUbK.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_o6lz.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_HQEX.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_WnXp.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_faxR.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_jim6.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_pVz6.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_JxU5.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_7hB5.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_VNrT.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_HVnY.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_nRgF.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_SzBv.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_JoMW.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_Nu4h.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_E_QT.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri__Lfg.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_Fpfw.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_XMJ4.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-glabra-hirticaulis__mB0.jpg ; Cruciata glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_A1LD.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_wISG.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_OpTt.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-squarrosus_S-lU.jpg ; Bromus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_mjr3.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_ET77.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_tt9W.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_liZH.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-acre_Kn-M.jpg ; Sedum acre
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_qlF8.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_ba07.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_QWAi.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_s41o.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_4AMN.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_mpBB.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-aristatum-aristatum_KObG.jpg ; Anthoxanthum aristatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_e5xV.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-pulverulenta_Pi8T.jpg ; Frankenia pulverulenta
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-suavis_Gr9c.jpg ; Viola suavis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_qoIN.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_hj9M.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_T5vy.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_m-yK.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_-2Nl.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_BImF.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_0hkb.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_QOle.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_T8gj.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_LzK1.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_Qp8b.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_nR-8.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_FIOi.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_wyUk.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_sKv1.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_pjXm.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-angustifolia_6yXH.jpg ; Vicia angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_fZzs.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_rC4D.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_N9sJ.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_-3f1.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_zhWf.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_fh9w.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_apZ6.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_zdv5.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_IYEI.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-officinale_ARYu.jpg ; Sisymbrium officinale
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-intertexta_YRoA.jpg ; Medicago intertexta
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_-D-j.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_aCqT.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_Ju4_.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-maura_FXes.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_BjAN.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_1D_I.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_KUCw.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-clementei-clementei_Pf6x.jpg ; Euphorbia clementei
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_JJwi.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_6fkY.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_1o0_.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_9OwT.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_bkt-.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_RjHW.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_2rsv.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_5hZC.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_VL2M.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_PrXI.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus__HVB.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_d3YV.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-montanum-peixotoanum_0_09.jpg ; Seseli montanum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_E661.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_-ouK.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_3sAw.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_NuWw.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_SYdw.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_rpQ1.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_oEYj.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-telonensis_7HWS.jpg ; Adenocarpus telonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides__7DB.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_vKLI.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-tillaea_aGDO.jpg ; Crassula tillaea
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-pseudoiva_-WXi.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_9Ji5.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_N4dQ.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-reptans_xyPp.jpg ; Ajuga reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_twb3.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_lfRk.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_o5tB.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_poYw.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_gpMJ.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_f3ja.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_E1GI.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_S_Lv.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon__KA3.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-pulverulenta_lKmr.jpg ; Frankenia pulverulenta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum__jrO.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_sN2H.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_8pBL.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_H8Eb.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_6Bll.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_eO3m.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_Sh_l.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_ymOs.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_95Dr.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_RgfL.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_mBbM.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_YEP1.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_SofU.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_7pmS.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Picnomon-acarna_yOXT.jpg ; Picnomon acarna
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_ppp2.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_egII.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_5qtC.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_gWz7.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-serraria_iDfJ.jpg ; Plantago serraria
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_CPpB.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_cXFL.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_KQwt.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_zyn4.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_Gw8r.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_uyiR.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_Nadz.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Gratiola-officinalis_5nvI.jpg ; Gratiola officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_nsiq.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_OpSy.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_P3Eg.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_7ijD.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_JemS.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_7rcU.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_Mzc3.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_L0g9.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_g4XW.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_TJ1s.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_HJIw.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-anglicum_UFE8.jpg ; Sedum anglicum
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_ppof.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_8V3A.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_6z3a.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_ektM.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_o3Ho.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_ypmM.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_jxbj.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_TP23.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_I-H_.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-ageratum__HGJ.jpg ; Achillea ageratum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_7fDo.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-supina-supina_0R_W.jpg ; Linaria supina
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_Ax1f.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-vulgaris_qPSE.jpg ; Prunella vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_TMMK.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_dLFL.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-monspeliensis_ms5P.jpg ; Polypogon monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_JYgu.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_6ANH.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_xQNm.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_bzhp.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-diffusa_TSlc.jpg ; Ononis diffusa
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_rrBE.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_UYCv.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_5UKD.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_6D5b.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_Pl6Z.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_KuFA.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_SMbe.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_-vKA.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_nKlr.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_9J-l.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-acetosella_0sx5.jpg ; Oxalis acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_LQBJ.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Limosella-aquatica_Qdcd.jpg ; Limosella aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_hmNX.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_BE-l.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Panicum-repens_x42C.jpg ; Panicum repens
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_-ZYP.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_hFak.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_4Ezw.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-diphyllum__Itk.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_Xdty.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_bXFe.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_w5uJ.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_pziF.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_cIYX.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_AItC.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_Jsv0.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_WPuf.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna__Xft.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-sceleratus_dy5R.jpg ; Ranunculus sceleratus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_R-pT.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_lQC1.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_3JQV.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Gratiola-officinalis_L5Hl.jpg ; Gratiola officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_stSV.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_YxuS.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_C6YY.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_uol7.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_B_FB.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_LCu7.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_MZpy.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_dUzr.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_SSrU.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_JroK.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_FVEn.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_pCoV.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_i9nJ.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_5QL4.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_bxCO.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_H9zO.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_QU8g.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_t8O8.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_uiSR.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_PPY6.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_fUtd.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_2gaP.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_lVDI.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_CwV2.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_iNWo.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_UBph.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_J_Yh.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-micranthus_pL2D.jpg ; Lupinus micranthus
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_O4sD.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_K-Sx.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_0qVQ.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_UJJS.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Celtis-australis_w0jJ.jpg ; Celtis australis
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_oxV8.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_nPH_.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_metR.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_eRqJ.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_shl7.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_oJzT.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_6QmV.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_ZyqL.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_kx2Y.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_1Ar-.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-gracilima_GgMQ.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_RhYc.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_UtlD.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_ZNhb.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_bgwn.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_EbQE.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_eie-.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_z8QE.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_tp0h.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_ORQD.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_--BN.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_zQ3f.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_w5cq.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_ActR.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_rE3N.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura_eT_k.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_oX_n.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_L3xD.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_LVU6.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_k-zd.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_8zN3.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_EjDI.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_XGM7.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_aihW.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lanceolata_Lf0t.jpg ; Plantago lanceolata
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_v2e_.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_mI78.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_nuJ6.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_g0yx.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_hXww.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-roseus_RrYK.jpg ; Rumex roseus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_oj2v.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_zw7c.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_eU-6.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_weK-.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_qb_q.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_-b5p.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_vHco.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_2bNB.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_qX_A.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_Kp5i.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_kdZE.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_Phk6.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_IJXS.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_3Wd0.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_QNhY.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_09Tp.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_PPUd.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-polita_dM3e.jpg ; Veronica polita
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_iVVN.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_owgP.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_Adyn.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_m6TS.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_-bt2.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_2rit.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_nls1.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_E3IQ.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_jsGw.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-patula_JUWC.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_i3T6.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_8A5w.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_OWnZ.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_YyEG.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_LsuL.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_xrVS.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_d6yA.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_78kx.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_Avyn.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_YFz3.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_z7o9.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_uNah.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_uX0b.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_mIP8.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Galega-officinalis_SRfX.jpg ; Galega officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-pulchrum_8vd8.jpg ; Hypericum pulchrum
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_Jdzk.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_bILM.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_9WQ3.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_2DxE.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_kmEb.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_eFq4.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_UaKc.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_nBQc.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius__dpw.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_ELX6.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_FgKa.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_1ryP.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-crystallinum_ovf0.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum crystallinum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_Fl6X.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_pobT.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_-WSW.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_osXX.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_VcbV.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_MzYj.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_ml75.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-laureola_KTWN.jpg ; Daphne laureola
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_xkxc.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_FOAS.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_IoFT.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_HU-n.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_kCi7.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_qY4s.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_wubk.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_IPCT.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_71oP.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_rv72.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_qpiO.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_4jg2.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_eoMT.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_LRdu.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_-LTS.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_S1ob.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_nB0T.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_dUcj.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_EvVI.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_oerV.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_IOuV.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_m0oL.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_LjRI.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_r8vC.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_JY-l.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Tropaeolum-majus_ldcL.jpg ; Tropaeolum majus
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_8dey.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_ur60.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_uU4L.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_V_Mz.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_CIf0.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_8olE.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_6NZz.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_jF_o.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_EcJx.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_HcSu.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_0kMD.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-acre_LTjz.jpg ; Sedum acre
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_eQjo.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_hlqe.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_XNVE.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala__SIb.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_erb5.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_EJag.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_6QLV.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_rwJg.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_OQa9.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_H7TG.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_LNKy.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_15q1.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_RSsA.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-oreades_a_30.jpg ; Dryopteris oreades
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_moc-.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_JXCF.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_Joeq.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-glycyphyllos_kb4u.jpg ; Astragalus glycyphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_aVGw.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_9Z6e.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_K4ut.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-hirundinaria_bwyB.jpg ; Vincetoxicum hirundinaria
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis_Iarb.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_gLuW.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum__yCi.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_nWtT.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_uX_c.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_zDcV.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_DuE6.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-pyramidalis-meonantha_oYqc.jpg ; Ajuga pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_enJM.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_gKSa.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_SbBA.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_YQ5s.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_xE9-.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_XX6p.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_SYc4.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_Nl8Y.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_TqUh.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_32PD.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia__PV5.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_LbVL.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis_L7Jh.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_-wcT.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_kLO3.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_32Sg.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_sKTS.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_e0KI.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Groenlandia-densa_M1-l.jpg ; Groenlandia densa
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_ZeIm.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_DTcW.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_KjvI.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_3Wd0.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis_vjNc.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_IES1.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_DEAp.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-repens_6YTU.jpg ; Trifolium repens
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_ZPol.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-melitensis_D1I3.jpg ; Centaurea melitensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_xF6u.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_dF-v.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_vMgi.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_bFCp.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_CpoX.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_l8tE.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_tW5-.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_pZ3v.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_PVzy.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_HhK1.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_ylZ1.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_XFZm.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-montana_UTDU.jpg ; Valeriana montana
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_eRVr.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_L0GI.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_BHov.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_lvd1.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_wCKL.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_xmkB.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_vIVI.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_Lod1.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_GxOI.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_dAT5.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_xk3_.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_FDow.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_wgeA.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_S3_I.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_e92n.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_wRyv.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_KJi0.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_JMxl.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_7pmS.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_1v41.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_MXeR.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_ICFF.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_lzdR.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_3BKv.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_Rjoz.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_JI9N.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_LIyi.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_zNl1.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_APZh.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_cTD8.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_kmtY.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_7KbT.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_NYgP.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_gz36.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-schoenoprasum_Srja.jpg ; Allium schoenoprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_Hiws.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-tournefortii_FHJM.jpg ; Brassica tournefortii
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-portensis_wOnv.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-trinervia_FewS.jpg ; Moehringia trinervia
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_HcqO.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_-UB5.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_IFAv.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_wqPO.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_C2Cf.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Koeleria-vallesiana-vallesiana_VQuo.jpg ; Koeleria vallesiana
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_N_4b.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_VxYu.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_Olva.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_AKnu.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_D814.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_R4Il.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-fuscus_xQWH.jpg ; Cyperus fuscus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_ZlMF.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_3vR7.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_v1Bq.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_TMby.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ericetorum_r4ZC.jpg ; Allium ericetorum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_vGOa.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_XQP8.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_wqv0.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_mj7I.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_fNtv.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea__7wm.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_0IOS.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_ZiYY.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_37UX.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-murale__bfO.jpg ; Galium murale
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_KC9g.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa__Zyz.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_fV7D.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_CUR-.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_Cj8M.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-incarnatum_5GkK.jpg ; Trifolium incarnatum
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_dtC5.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_29hU.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_a2fb.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_3UBq.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_5nmD.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Malus-sylvestris_Hi_b.jpg ; Malus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_TwON.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_bJEW.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_12ZC.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_58Fp.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-chamaepitys_EMS-.jpg ; Ajuga chamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_w86X.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_vuXv.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-aristatum-aristatum_z8dz.jpg ; Anthoxanthum aristatum
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_QGre.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_4j2U.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_asl-.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_D4Tx.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_7Lqe.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-telonensis_AzUj.jpg ; Adenocarpus telonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_7XVT.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_E2fW.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_AO0U.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_XE0O.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_XShL.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_JmQ2.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_8Ehv.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_CTt4.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_HTXp.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylis-glomerata-glomerata_u8yM.jpg ; Dactylis glomerata
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_q_NQ.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_B46-.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_G322.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-hirsutus_DxJ4.jpg ; Lathyrus hirsutus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_GqrA.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_On3b.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_aqh9.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_kUqE.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_O0YJ.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_SVLA.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_HUAV.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_jzJA.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_hDwn.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_e3Bw.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_ZEkN.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_mDaZ.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_ob2W.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_xmlP.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_TRz7.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_FZIL.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_jBKz.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_0Dja.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_ifgt.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_bvlK.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_d93m.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_tkEe.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_pp-u.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_Lr9Z.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_r9Nh.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-nodosus-nodosus_hLtX.jpg ; Potamogeton nodosus
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_B6oT.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_vzbH.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata__Hyv.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_PVdb.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_oZbi.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_q3Ky.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_uKjQ.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_cNMJ.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_Q9jo.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_aphU.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-stellatus_u8YS.jpg ; Rhagadiolus stellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_A0tE.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_3qSN.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_luJ3.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_wsox.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_A7Wo.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_UKuS.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_7qUM.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_0D_U.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_clZN.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii_E33N.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_vGRg.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_jTU-.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_aGCk.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-calycinum_Rv6t.jpg ; Hypericum calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_nSx2.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_0UvE.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_uxYC.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_lz7o.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_kNHX.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_zo_6.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_-ugE.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_onVY.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Theligonum-cynocrambe_IA5e.jpg ; Theligonum cynocrambe
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_3xbi.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-gracilima_lPc5.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_hFOT.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_iNGB.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_OIF0.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_ayVJ.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_5gT3.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_nETy.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_oWaA.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_ENij.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_ndCf.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_ltmY.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_XiqC.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_y4PI.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Euonymus-europaeus_RKMP.jpg ; Euonymus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_oByO.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_KAdB.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_LFXy.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_0-BT.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_UwLZ.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_wP5V.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_tLKf.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_7ZiG.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_0yx6.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_05KM.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_eCRR.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_VId2.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_G9xF.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_gH1q.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-globulifera_18y1.jpg ; Pilularia globulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_oUCS.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_-ZWE.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_tzSl.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Limosella-aquatica_DGRi.jpg ; Limosella aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-umbellatum_EG0R.jpg ; Hieracium umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_99zi.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_Nu1T.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-mahaleb_liEK.jpg ; Prunus mahaleb
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_FkcT.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-repens_DqnK.jpg ; Trifolium repens
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_HESr.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_nXTz.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_6xHl.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_MQOz.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_UNkH.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_XHk6.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_YkJ8.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_6bAU.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_ptv_.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_uh7H.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_cTj8.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_lkJ_.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_I_wZ.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_dAWL.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-alpina_DxdJ.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_gkIu.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_H-K4.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_m_kl.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_XCkQ.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_jSFh.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_H86K.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_oq7Y.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_EyYp.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_l2XY.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_EDmv.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_-MYu.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-vulgaris_QKTg.jpg ; Senecio vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_B5Cp.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_de8z.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_0yWX.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_fWu1.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_EDr7.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_6vib.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_lpkf.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_0MCh.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_ieMb.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-uniflora_tkdS.jpg ; Melica uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_LolZ.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_4Nr-.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_1CId.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_-xpF.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_ln6k.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_sgmi.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_HnR3.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_cb8j.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_2eqd.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_11sF.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_2tUK.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-maritimum_rOMl.jpg ; Triglochin maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_JLoT.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_TzK7.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_qO2U.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_RtPf.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_EHNm.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_eOu-.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_C-xA.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_zrDr.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-coronata_80VQ.jpg ; Valerianella coronata
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_-ROu.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_DS9-.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_9JN8.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_5WUD.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_p8Ct.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-officinalis-officinalis_iWls.jpg ; Valeriana officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_7ONk.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_Xqzb.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea_KfnX.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_Jg9w.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_x5eH.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_AA3Q.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_1a31.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_UaMG.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-hirsuta-hirsuta_2ivA.jpg ; Asperula hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_ricx.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_ZzFI.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_pwLi.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_y1Kx.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_g764.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_OJ9n.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis_Hb9I.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_f9JT.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_LbQW.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-cordigera-cordigera_zTQi.jpg ; Serapias cordigera
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_Eywv.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_iJ3c.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_gZ2K.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_z0cG.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_oSNE.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_VU60.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_41rZ.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_c7F4.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_sQo4.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_mnfZ.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_7kcV.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_EWS2.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_qIbs.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_OWYc.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_FUyW.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_PiKP.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_ZV0W.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_HJPm.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_KN-z.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_goWM.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_knbl.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_5vPD.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_4WR0.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-roseum__VmW.jpg ; Allium roseum
http://flora-on.pt/Alliaria-petiolata_Kcg8.jpg ; Alliaria petiolata
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_0ZL6.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_hBAR.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_3LWE.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-crispus_o1Vv.jpg ; Rumex crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_Z61z.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_Gfo7.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_IKVD.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_Idc5.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_C5qr.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_ovYn.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_O7H4.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_ta-6.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_l8_8.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_Ek-n.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_MsZ6.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_L6GF.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_pcwK.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_wzqj.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_daBg.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_ZcpS.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_nj0k.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_Vqr6.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-baeticum_r7-w.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys__MGQ.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_29UC.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_Lwpr.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_zpm8.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_nacI.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_Wyaf.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_pRbh.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_4IF7.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_3-tt.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_Ktiv.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_CmFA.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_SRVn.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_-nu5.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Phytolacca-americana_l6L8.jpg ; Phytolacca americana
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_k8c2.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_Ryr5.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_IzYT.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-umbellatum_aZ3v.jpg ; Hieracium umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_2DMi.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_iftj.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_20A9.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_5UKO.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-arborescens_EV4x.jpg ; Viola arborescens
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-secunda_hHEP.jpg ; Myosotis secunda
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_vOyV.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_kmOm.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_1Ym4.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_vV9z.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_0pcu.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_ycLX.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_KZ2_.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-campestre_ZFl3.jpg ; Trifolium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_-_-t.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_NQcS.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_dIiq.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis_ymjX.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_fZLt.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_Q0wk.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_gdE-.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_fL8p.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_eNuE.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_a5Na.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_Lmo0.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_d52g.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_6uJ6.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_bik2.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_DroB.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_hQ3a.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_X4pL.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_2bN6.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-latifolius_R-w8.jpg ; Lathyrus latifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_iliT.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_EG4A.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_XqEZ.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_E0yh.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_1g16.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-tillaea_rJG7.jpg ; Crassula tillaea
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus_xD9H.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_4hHT.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_20w-.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_Ddjx.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-baeticum_ZyTp.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-suavis_lLtC.jpg ; Viola suavis
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_oRVC.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Gaudinia-fragilis_DvjA.jpg ; Gaudinia fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_BwBZ.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides__Dhd.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_nmF7.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_LQBK.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_fDhO.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_4Gvg.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus__mjs.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_0JC2.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_Vi9P.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_JN9w.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_HI9J.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_cxIb.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_OvMc.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_1w3L.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_vSQT.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_n7C_.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_9-In.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_oceF.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_jQK7.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_qd6D.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_o7W8.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_AW4u.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_Q9h2.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_EYVK.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_rQFp.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_K1iv.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_tv_k.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_--9_.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_OK3U.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_4aR4.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_CArz.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_gImy.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_TpEx.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_0Rqq.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_EPIv.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_jQJk.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-reptans_gYDv.jpg ; Ajuga reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Koeleria-vallesiana-vallesiana_0dtJ.jpg ; Koeleria vallesiana
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_GuYd.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-minuta-arrecta__zxM.jpg ; Melica minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-minor_MUTz.jpg ; Lemna minor
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_3uT-.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_OJPH.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_CkpD.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-thapsus_j7YO.jpg ; Verbascum thapsus
http://flora-on.pt/Panicum-repens_ceFE.jpg ; Panicum repens
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_qdpy.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_xWbE.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-medium-medium_YyAV.jpg ; Trifolium medium
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_rYKT.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_K5-e.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-difformis-difformis_ufmM.jpg ; Vinca difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_KTAz.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_tJg8.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_mskW.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_oVva.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_ZIm-.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_G6-r.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Aeonium-arboreum_p4Mz.jpg ; Aeonium arboreum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_VdRi.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_vGAB.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_yFr6.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_5_n_.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_gqYa.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_GGB2.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_NAPB.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_nbif.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_sene.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_rUi4.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_YPPG.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Narthecium-ossifragum_-PfE.jpg ; Narthecium ossifragum
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_is0C.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_aq-q.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_7ONh.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_On0E.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_1lJx.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_FG1k.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_OkUP.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_hRDP.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_GAy-.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_PRjV.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_zKuZ.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_GWq0.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_kQiL.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_tc-3.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_lH1y.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_1CNn.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_HC_W.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_Wgu_.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_ldg-.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_-qJx.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_NQdF.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_Mu2Q.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_UJz0.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_930X.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_1ItY.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_AZIb.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_u8BI.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_0aRI.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_-2FC.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_vSh5.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_TAej.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_vTaT.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-suaveolens_JdVZ.jpg ; Mentha suaveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_vzGe.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_zPDC.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_VOyY.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_vy82.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_Tn9Z.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_3SkB.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_Azoa.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_809J.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_06Hj.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-acetosella_zFJ0.jpg ; Oxalis acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_dQAD.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-rubiginosa_7qvk.jpg ; Rosa rubiginosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_i5QN.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_8ugd.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-coronata_yQyN.jpg ; Valerianella coronata
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_RH_p.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_GFoG.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_TDg9.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_Ggln.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Narthecium-ossifragum_KP_Q.jpg ; Narthecium ossifragum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_zwX4.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-halepensis_WHIY.jpg ; Pinus halepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa_0J-d.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_EnA2.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-strictiflora_Ot30.jpg ; Serapias strictiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_bRpZ.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_hx4X.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-montana_Zp9s.jpg ; Valeriana montana
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-arvensis_EYLn.jpg ; Sinapis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Polycnemum-arvense_Wllu.jpg ; Polycnemum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_ZmJy.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_BLVk.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_22M2.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_kz9c.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-perenne_NJAI.jpg ; Lolium perenne
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_Hje6.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_1PV3.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-acanthium-acanthium_6YlQ.jpg ; Onopordum acanthium
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_qsIS.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_HE5q.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_GadK.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_Rpsk.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_YeQd.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_GBQv.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_myU6.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_0rGx.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_A5mA.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula_RV0h.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_wXEw.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_6qSr.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_iDYT.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_Xx1p.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_tRJl.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_fRbS.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-complicatus_rGyt.jpg ; Adenocarpus complicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_MatD.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_Yyzs.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_JowO.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_n0Er.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_-O9r.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_3cY3.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea_aGp7.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_5m71.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_8ty_.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_0QRb.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_RlVo.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_kZOe.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_it8e.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_3thS.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_ODon.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_XK6L.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_rsvZ.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_jzvL.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_h15_.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_t_m7.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_nmHV.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_7l2E.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_wTV1.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_vXSR.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Groenlandia-densa_ptCT.jpg ; Groenlandia densa
http://flora-on.pt/Ilex-aquifolium_N6gS.jpg ; Ilex aquifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-phyteuma_DUEs.jpg ; Reseda phyteuma
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_fZ0a.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_Pf9q.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_Hxg9.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_b8yn.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_tfmA.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_xWip.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-melitensis_4h2y.jpg ; Centaurea melitensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_nzMS.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-murale_K3cE.jpg ; Galium murale
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_m62s.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Pteridium-aquilinum-aquilinum_Ks0L.jpg ; Pteridium aquilinum
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_pSCP.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_6vhS.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-procera_6P1B.jpg ; Agrimonia procera
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_cVLv.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_Y5Tw.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_oeG5.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_VOur.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_RpRk.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_LOLg.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-tazetta-tazetta_G0cW.jpg ; Narcissus tazetta
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_w8sD.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_7EXZ.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_qKJc.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_o5Ej.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Exaculum-pusillum_J9FO.jpg ; Exaculum pusillum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_xC-k.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_QnlM.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-saxatile_mw8Q.jpg ; Galium saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_O_-Y.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_Esij.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_qeiK.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_2m_-.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_w_TR.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-dilatata_bige.jpg ; Dryopteris dilatata
http://flora-on.pt/Origanum-vulgare-virens_9v0z.jpg ; Origanum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_kH5H.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_RuFI.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_xSg3.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_2yDZ.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_UPwg.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_odwv.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_A2o1.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-crystallinum_VWlQ.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum crystallinum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_3h8i.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_xLI4.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_Nzb-.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_zsU6.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_Wort.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-iva_mNSM.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Tradescantia-fluminensis_zB-C.jpg ; Tradescantia fluminensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_c6kp.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_kct6.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_G3yE.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_peO-.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_NOrP.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_dehz.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_YDi_.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_DVn-.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_yCEG.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_Kn8p.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_EhUb.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_J8q1.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_3rpB.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Cynanchum-acutum-acutum_czlm.jpg ; Cynanchum acutum
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_-nGA.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_yurx.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_b2Ct.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_EtNh.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_2Tx0.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_iUfj.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_oOuC.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_y1HB.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_djvz.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_BdNi.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_685v.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_fYNQ.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_3LZ4.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_fmrj.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_5Ute.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum__WLj.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_Wubk.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_Dugx.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_-MKy.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_yLD3.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_pfkM.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_2WVu.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_F-b5.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_E5XG.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_byeT.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_Dj_q.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_M6CO.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_H4kP.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_ekCw.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_s2v8.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_7kUR.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_Bm5H.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_XRwJ.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_UtTr.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_DOlO.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_3eta.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-hispidus-bourgaeanus_uy4W.jpg ; Leontodon hispidus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-septentrionale-septentrionale_LbqI.jpg ; Asplenium septentrionale
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_jlKm.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphrasia-hirtella_xyD4.jpg ; Euphrasia hirtella
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_I3LM.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_o5vV.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_s3zy.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_G-XG.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_w-65.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_ZZY1.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_Kwdj.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-villosum_lsGY.jpg ; Solanum villosum
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_wDXK.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_zbjG.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_JLOw.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_d-1G.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_Rytb.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_rIwa.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_zbyW.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_YE7P.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_eoZr.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_HeDo.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_wYcO.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_B3Xx.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_sec9.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_kpPP.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_eQNq.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_iSF8.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_UaTc.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Bidens-frondosa_TZe8.jpg ; Bidens frondosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_pbxb.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_ilD6.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-perennis_VKjz.jpg ; Sarcocornia perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_Z1ss.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_H9Pj.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_37Q7.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_gTqR.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_Wa2M.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_C89J.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_a2VQ.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_Rc0S.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_RM2G.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_x4_G.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_lCP9.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_f1nQ.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-paludosus_Cgb6.jpg ; Ranunculus paludosus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_dpwK.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_Y5Gl.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_9R4y.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_UrVZ.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_Lgxk.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_sDDk.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-afra-afra_KNAV.jpg ; Plantago afra
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_3bUQ.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_s3so.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis_azxM.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_saoV.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_Wa0K.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_Rjgx.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_fCil.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_Avma.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_rkiJ.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_Eo60.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_X3Vy.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-aquatica__B-v.jpg ; Mentha aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-nigra_W8Z1.jpg ; Carex nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_oam3.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_5O3O.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-scabrum_etgA.jpg ; Trifolium scabrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_hxyH.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_pk1k.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-pulegium_zUuk.jpg ; Mentha pulegium
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_KFgD.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_go9x.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_-A8x.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_hc8G.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_QEVr.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_rdCI.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-helleborine-helleborine_sT3f.jpg ; Epipactis helleborine
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-luteola_ewBk.jpg ; Reseda luteola
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_C6MF.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_CGY4.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_FBf3.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-iva_qnrc.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_0WO9.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_YcFo.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Origanum-vulgare-virens_Gazh.jpg ; Origanum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_-Smj.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa_XgvZ.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_rrpa.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-claviculata_KvTQ.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_pAsI.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_0zfT.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_5K2_.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sativa-macrantha_lcO-.jpg ; Avena sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii_BU5R.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_OpGi.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_ZYjK.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_DEbn.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_9Ihp.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_Sten.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_DQNU.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_OXvC.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_Bk9D.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-pulverulenta_tzw9.jpg ; Frankenia pulverulenta
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-denticulata_tjaM.jpg ; Selaginella denticulata
http://flora-on.pt/Theligonum-cynocrambe_jqFU.jpg ; Theligonum cynocrambe
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_kzl-.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_dtv0.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_VaYE.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_rMCh.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_jTUE.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_vg4R.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_kSE2.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_PJKP.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_WgM7.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_mbFS.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus_5bLW.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_O3iW.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-maxima_Qssp.jpg ; Briza maxima
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_eBpo.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Laurus-nobilis_Zyrf.jpg ; Laurus nobilis
http://flora-on.pt/Cichorium-intybus_h5wm.jpg ; Cichorium intybus
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_oMKt.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_T8mB.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_jqQB.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_KjBU.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_r2rs.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_oZVl.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_ciBe.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_6pdZ.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_1n9e.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_H1wS.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_TF3D.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_85z2.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_4ItY.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_4l84.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-cinerea_rEFb.jpg ; Erica cinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Limosella-aquatica_9Ldi.jpg ; Limosella aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_SIOh.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_VXSf.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_Xufi.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_hc4u.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_Litw.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_tvCq.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_eiAA.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrocotyle-vulgaris_aMJQ.jpg ; Hydrocotyle vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_Qk-J.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_RXbk.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_H4X-.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_Vd8n.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_E23H.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_Ahnb.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_Jg97.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_V-FA.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_0v7C.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_yO3a.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_b3If.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_Oq6S.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-incarnatum_gQQL.jpg ; Trifolium incarnatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_0ZFj.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_T6Ty.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_EbdV.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_VNqp.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_xWNO.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_IM8s.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-pycnocephalus_-H3-.jpg ; Carduus pycnocephalus
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_pJKN.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_VjaP.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_jQHK.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_p8Oc.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_QM31.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_PtCL.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_KE0d.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_vKIb.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_SGE1.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_xVQg.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_HDX5.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-apulum_yKLP.jpg ; Tordylium apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_RGlV.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-hederae_HyOw.jpg ; Orobanche hederae
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_Fg-7.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_VnwQ.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_vG4M.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_5lxi.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-suaveolens_JdA3.jpg ; Mentha suaveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_LFoR.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Disphyma-crassifolium_JXRu.jpg ; Disphyma crassifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_lFAB.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_lgtU.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_56g7.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_SL9R.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_myM7.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_WuW2.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_cOh6.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_vf0O.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_B7PQ.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-rigidum-rigidum_JfQ1.jpg ; Lolium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_pzpz.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_FEXR.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_izf1.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_kRzG.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_hJD6.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_-pwt.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_qU0Z.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_5jlD.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_mg4U.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_WfEX.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Salpichroa-origanifolia_HT2H.jpg ; Salpichroa origanifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_xPYt.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_T1s5.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_8XBv.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_o1xC.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-interjectum_HN3S.jpg ; Polypodium interjectum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_c0jX.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_peSU.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_X8NU.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_sbEg.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_kdN-.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_mb_y.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_DpTH.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_XLN0.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_dJ8a.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_gdp0.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_bAg-.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_mnW1.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_rxvv.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_vprn.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_l9YM.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_BB9i.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_a3yi.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_oO_J.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_w2bn.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_yoZg.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_Zx9P.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_4YS6.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-italicus_Cecn.jpg ; Gladiolus italicus
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_r-Pk.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_8ox8.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_SLjs.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_EzGH.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_xIkq.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis_qzY8.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-temulentum_7GJo.jpg ; Lolium temulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_GaiA.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_xw5n.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_NAy9.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_P8Iu.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_Ixqi.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_b1Vo.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_HwZk.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_PxL_.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_h4Z3.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-trinervia_STfD.jpg ; Moehringia trinervia
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_vTk7.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_anVY.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Salpichroa-origanifolia_cTLW.jpg ; Salpichroa origanifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_eo9r.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis__N10.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_G5vC.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_rFjG.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_HmMx.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_RksW.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_EicC.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_GugR.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-angulatus_ZPNB.jpg ; Senecio angulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_Mo4F.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus__dTL.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_ue6a.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_2HId.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-faginea_TGfB.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis___8y.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_LTmQ.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-vulgare_ZdMI.jpg ; Tanacetum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_QxNb.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_qN3f.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_In8S.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_JoBz.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_a2f4.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_gyeX.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_W1dp.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_24pY.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_4S_-.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_kzAp.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_uvy9.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_cjjz.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_1bMm.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_n7tF.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_Ovy-.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_qypr.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-alpina_rne3.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_PkB6.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_lU1q.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_6MbN.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_8UHk.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_WW6s.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_HyWR.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_QFBP.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_DgxO.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_a13V.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_bRde.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_4Oyg.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-globulifera_6vor.jpg ; Pilularia globulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_UI1s.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_4E_g.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_r7M1.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_IWEc.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_u9BN.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_tacb.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_WLZQ.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-suavis_2pH4.jpg ; Viola suavis
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_pKUD.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_AGXP.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_JPGU.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_HXBj.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_Jmca.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-origanifolium_dQOw.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_XZKE.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_PYE7.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_kjZN.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_lCmk.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_a1mZ.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_KSNo.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_yaiB.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_m3YS.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_ve9h.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_VGb_.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_GUU8.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_lulP.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_xWM8.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_pA6J.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_3f98.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_qt7R.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-pratensis_rT1-.jpg ; Lathyrus pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_aYvV.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_3t8k.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_mxzP.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_vFsA.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_lVO7.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_kS30.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_ZhBa.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_X8qx.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_CG0o.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-helleborine-helleborine_mBlx.jpg ; Epipactis helleborine
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_wHB-.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_Oc3D.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_CF1v.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_zMKd.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_hUiF.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_9Q1j.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_A4KC.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_TPmM.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_jok0.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_aE3N.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_ZQSa.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_0p8l.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_ltL2.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_0JH3.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_NQAf.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_UBR7.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_OU11.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_rPlI.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_x5XQ.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-obtusifolius_spTp.jpg ; Rumex obtusifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_hnFc.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_gl8g.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_OcOB.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_E0_s.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-polita_97n8.jpg ; Veronica polita
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_42pd.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_VzYY.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_0LoJ.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_u20j.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_HaFW.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum__2JX.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_mG6G.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_tAb8.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-montanum-peixotoanum_xTu4.jpg ; Seseli montanum
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-complicatus_een4.jpg ; Adenocarpus complicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius__c7P.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_vK_H.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_V7g9.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-cinerea_og5n.jpg ; Erica cinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_Fvo3.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_DeT7.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_Iut3.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_okYY.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_CiOC.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-spiralis_UTcL.jpg ; Spiranthes spiralis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_Wapr.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_r7FE.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ericetorum_D3y9.jpg ; Allium ericetorum
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_iKEB.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_thcN.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_z-3_.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_iw20.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-iva_ln3R.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Eriophorum-angustifolium_171I.jpg ; Eriophorum angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_7C3y.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_4Zlf.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_KG2U.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_9p1e.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-anglica_BB6Z.jpg ; Potentilla anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_EN0t.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_duaS.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_hNT2.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Phalaris-arundinacea-arundinacea_d4hs.jpg ; Phalaris arundinacea
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_MJU6.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_yLNd.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_Dyk7.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_H1iN.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_-_Hv.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_jlmc.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_fugo.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_YYiI.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_SZF8.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_-ojW.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_9bh8.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_mZNo.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_x9vx.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_-Pjm.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_tk7Q.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_-3FQ.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_C8sc.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_e7gd.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_biMb.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-hirsuta-hirsuta_y9bu.jpg ; Asperula hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_XYFY.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_R_lk.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_knxN.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_QYcM.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_bwdM.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_TBwt.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_vjWH.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida__vRY.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_yWH-.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_atBy.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_UJ7x.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_VhVK.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_YCGM.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_LD85.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_pEXe.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_2pMI.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_QIfH.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_pdot.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_FkMg.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_7GtW.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-tetragonum-tetragonum_jfMB.jpg ; Epilobium tetragonum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_PMop.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_moCY.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_9fmN.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_ZNQ1.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_sBSI.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_ZNb-.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_pkRa.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_MnfM.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_3LVv.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_JR_F.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_JTWc.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_8i-P.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_kvDR.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_DzOO.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_QYXQ.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Ilex-aquifolium_5ggC.jpg ; Ilex aquifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_XFsE.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_kVnK.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_cgmQ.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_mbYr.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_Oghb.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_zOJG.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_RRsU.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_kvRB.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_nuN_.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_XZ05.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_dUHx.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_awhL.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_ilru.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_Je8Y.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostemma-githago_yRp5.jpg ; Agrostemma githago
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_MYjr.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-clementei-clementei_8YxJ.jpg ; Euphorbia clementei
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_Z50x.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_KlYZ.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_a8I5.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_VMUS.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_-EUU.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Pittosporum-undulatum_Z9h-.jpg ; Pittosporum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_45Jy.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_m1XP.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-calycinum_a0gs.jpg ; Hypericum calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_5f68.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-perennis_ukVd.jpg ; Sarcocornia perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_H5S1.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_Nzwe.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_u0Ob.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_b3qs.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_nqDk.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_CBfM.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_oExt.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_tfQP.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_kVtr.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_A8l3.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Digitaria-sanguinalis_NeEH.jpg ; Digitaria sanguinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_bbI2.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_Hbc2.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_rjiR.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_vA3j.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-foetidum_Unth.jpg ; Helichrysum foetidum
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-affinis-affinis_mxD4.jpg ; Dryopteris affinis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_toIW.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-vulgaris_mZnI.jpg ; Barbarea vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_aD2y.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_G2gc.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-pratense-pratense_ulDb.jpg ; Trifolium pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-pygmaeus_cvZ3.jpg ; Juncus pygmaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_uvr1.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta__kd-.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_sQ_B.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_rz2A.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis_D1Cw.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_TJRp.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_YvnR.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_dpnw.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_lLGt.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-pratensis_Gbt7.jpg ; Lathyrus pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_msJn.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_nFkr.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_da_U.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_fwOZ.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_3VpO.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_FO89.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_9ZCF.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_mr4P.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_F70Y.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_U5IK.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_qWRj.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_YBeY.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_ctE7.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_C3NE.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_UnMw.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_8gwg.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_O6Dl.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_j7v_.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Pteris-vittata_OERn.jpg ; Pteris vittata
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-portensis_gE4G.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_pE_l.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_TIN8.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_RpST.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_HCZO.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_NS0h.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sativus_jHNr.jpg ; Lathyrus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_4WBc.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_cWXr.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_KN4d.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_7l9h.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_gJ7X.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_svG2.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_qfY2.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_fmiA.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_sh3w.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_fOAZ.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_pWZf.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_PgYm.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_jQhL.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_2MBS.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_88Go.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_7FJW.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_Vhoz.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_QRat.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-canariensis_a1hL.jpg ; Quercus canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_-Q3t.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_cbNC.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_4WLa.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_WMtZ.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_5oBy.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_7dch.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_HIxp.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_J2yX.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_M7U1.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_vUWT.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_aN6H.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_ZrG2.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_nNWE.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_90Dr.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_kYE0.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ericetorum_flUh.jpg ; Allium ericetorum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_9RzN.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_RXj3.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_ofd5.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_LF0r.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_TsTu.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_tVTW.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_RppF.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_nQk7.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_DJEv.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_nMjo.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_K0ql.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_f72N.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_7i_I.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_C4F_.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_a97j.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_XKNM.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-claviculata_DV1v.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_-5gr.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_ftA2.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_RRNH.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_4UOG.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-laurifolius_lEsW.jpg ; Cistus laurifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_TCr-.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_jT3_.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_lkII.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_7-0-.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_q-dv.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_sxNl.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_cU9-.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_4X82.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_yhdQ.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_PVja.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_pv9B.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-hirsutus_am62.jpg ; Lathyrus hirsutus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_998e.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-repens_LFZK.jpg ; Trifolium repens
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_rgKE.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_CcOv.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_SbyS.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_PZln.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_FCy5.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_h5WR.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-azoricum_-nYp.jpg ; Ophioglossum azoricum
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_tVMM.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_sw49.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_mIaC.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_ObSp.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_Be1e.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_3rTI.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_9iZm.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_i5pc.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_m74a.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_N8HR.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_cqPz.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_Wxkt.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_y0XO.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_sYt7.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_ddS3.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_R6I9.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_iBYv.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-faya_9xPv.jpg ; Myrica faya
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-neglecta_-vCk.jpg ; Stellaria neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-vineale_GgGc.jpg ; Allium vineale
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-esculentus_wsOB.jpg ; Cyperus esculentus
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_8Han.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_eN6F.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_oFMR.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_6F-K.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_nTol.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_M-Zg.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_6t_q.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_3yPa.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_rgPc.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_P7cc.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_PZnr.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_LZIj.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_PF-d.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_qWHl.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_zbhN.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-hispidus-bourgaeanus_RLjA.jpg ; Leontodon hispidus
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_bXSm.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_isZJ.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_fbtK.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_QGT9.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_jorq.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_wxHU.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_v0QX.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_f3UW.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_AGB6.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-ragusina_Ijb5.jpg ; Andryala ragusina
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_4vVu.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_gT3W.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_LpaQ.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Antinoria-agrostidea_S4hM.jpg ; Antinoria agrostidea
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_Udv1.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_9exQ.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_l1GC.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_rCVJ.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_iVSW.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_sRK_.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_6RPj.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_pjKr.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_e61G.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_Poqg.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_rVdA.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_r9SZ.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_iYDt.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scorodonia_oRsN.jpg ; Teucrium scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_5s7k.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_UHVg.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_5j9z.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_OCFv.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_Vz--.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_apaX.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_YUz7.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-telonensis_ufIM.jpg ; Adenocarpus telonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_Q46U.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_jCV4.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_YM4T.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_WEFt.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_9wPO.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_mZd0.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_CE8N.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_Irqa.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_3ANX.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_rWwB.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_MjYU.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_97bf.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_U6Zv.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_iXR_.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_cC-x.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_osIP.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_7NeZ.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_Gos1.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-reptans_GjWN.jpg ; Ajuga reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_e-qd.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_l6YA.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_L4_5.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_47hb.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_I4qp.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_TyZr.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_qVrQ.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_mfuX.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-vulgare_Zpe6.jpg ; Polypodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_cRUo.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_d549.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_GXhN.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_QGND.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_nCZF.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ilex-aquifolium_dAcL.jpg ; Ilex aquifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_SXS2.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_KloB.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_x9ZJ.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_hCnl.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_bud-.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_5Q9D.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_dZIA.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_4pLR.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_ygwN.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_X8KT.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_r0kF.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_if0e.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Hordeum-murinum-leporinum_R0Ou.jpg ; Hordeum murinum
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_2g_3.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_vlkA.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_gjQA.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_0Kcw.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_SwbR.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_oALc.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_X6x7.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_ydtX.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_w957.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_P2Qw.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_vKpe.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_FhSA.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_eR5o.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_SkM7.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_WL28.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_oT0R.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-vulgaris_1G2M.jpg ; Senecio vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_YaxD.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_VJn0.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_GJkg.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_bwpZ.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_naPQ.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_9hj3.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_wy8L.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_53lU.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_k4WC.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_70KH.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_Hgdy.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_OWnx.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_FnfJ.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_9CRL.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-vulgaris_cZIT.jpg ; Prunella vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima_0cwO.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_bo0x.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_Fd3Q.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_YgnW.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_RK-N.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_uTCQ.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_bHti.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_unlw.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosella-angiocarpus_N12v.jpg ; Rumex acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_eZJn.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_D34s.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_iZfV.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_T8hP.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_2_6z.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_yEtO.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_spd-.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_wr4t.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_zrwR.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Gennaria-diphylla_ICVJ.jpg ; Gennaria diphylla
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-phleoides_GdAd.jpg ; Phleum phleoides
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_tFpY.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_GYSO.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_j3kh.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_s8vs.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_BTvS.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_b1bL.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_FEU8.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_OuD3.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_YTCA.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_QNS_.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_VRey.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_yXGa.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_dTUj.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_RlaK.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_awl6.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_UuOY.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-nigra_TZWG.jpg ; Carex nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis_Mcbs.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_pv5v.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_8A45.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_e1R_.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_o4HG.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrocotyle-vulgaris_uxmW.jpg ; Hydrocotyle vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_Z0-I.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_fHyg.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_SXOu.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-maxima_dCjT.jpg ; Briza maxima
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_IzFS.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_C1K-.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Alliaria-petiolata_ssg2.jpg ; Alliaria petiolata
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_2X8H.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_LjsS.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-ramosissima_n8gh.jpg ; Malcolmia ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_-lCT.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_ZF5m.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_Zg8u.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_FTSF.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-welwitschii_9bho.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_08PJ.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_MfnM.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_0fL1.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_8UBO.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_W7--.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_0gji.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_Apat.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_l6Ue.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-italicus_zHEY.jpg ; Gladiolus italicus
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_AOls.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_JUUr.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_gMCm.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_FWCF.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_Fl7m.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Origanum-vulgare-virens_usVc.jpg ; Origanum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_QiSB.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_0rWf.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_Xy48.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_gQDL.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_5Vvw.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_vKFK.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_Pzf3.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_w1nA.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_h5l-.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_nxeP.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_K7I2.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_fcF_.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_EHko.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_87GK.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scorodonia_f3WP.jpg ; Teucrium scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_0f-b.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_ODo5.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_oQ3n.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-nigra_jPS8.jpg ; Carex nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_FkVh.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-chamaepitys_3pTu.jpg ; Ajuga chamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_ydHJ.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_yR6i.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_P7CF.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_1w8K.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_u6wz.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_m-UM.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_v_3v.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_7JlI.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_uGPL.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_pfbK.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_2VrK.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_p1vP.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_mNl0.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_YcgA.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_xqZT.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_J4e0.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-sativus-isthmocarpus_8gpI.jpg ; Ornithopus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-clementei-clementei_CMzW.jpg ; Euphorbia clementei
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_06ZN.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_DAHc.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_aK7I.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_HaIS.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_ZYVx.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-hirsutum_v58D.jpg ; Epilobium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_ASqN.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus__zT5.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_xNzO.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_aPP-.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_vmeY.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_k09P.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_bdEL.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_MsFT.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_HRuN.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_10MK.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_aI3R.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-spiralis_MRFJ.jpg ; Spiranthes spiralis
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostis-curtisii_ngFr.jpg ; Agrostis curtisii
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_tyyR.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_RyWI.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-montanum-peixotoanum_Sa7p.jpg ; Seseli montanum
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_abFB.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_lQc5.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-afra-afra_XrRx.jpg ; Plantago afra
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_l2c6.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_oZbN.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_Rz-m.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_FxWp.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_LFVs.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_RJ9u.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_nk-N.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_2vRJ.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_D5n_.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_ahjk.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_bIfi.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_Bp-0.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium__sAz.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_Dhmx.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-striatum_rLTR.jpg ; Trifolium striatum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_RgMP.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_SNvg.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_ceh9.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus_Gw8B.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_5M-M.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_xsN9.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_S5Gl.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-nigrum_WcPz.jpg ; Solanum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_T8sw.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_ASEL.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_uIpj.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_dHIt.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_WY-v.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_JHCQ.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_MX3A.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_3CLK.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_Ycug.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_bS3-.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_7cuw.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_Kyny.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_BNZp.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_WqvF.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_Dc_m.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_UHmL.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_FMQa.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_BnAJ.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_V_be.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_APcQ.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_mz4V.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_R5XM.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_64sl.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_iLC3.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-vulgare_qAtP.jpg ; Tanacetum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_Y9zC.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_wj4n.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_OAJw.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_6S4r.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_-alK.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_GpOK.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_k-ja.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthericum-liliago_py5A.jpg ; Anthericum liliago
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_u5R8.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_i8Am.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_YoDL.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_SnAy.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_mRVf.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_ZN_Z.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-calycinum_sutc.jpg ; Misopates calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_uUaW.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_7_I2.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_oWDh.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Ulmus-minor_FhNX.jpg ; Ulmus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_Q3je.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_AcNY.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-tournefortii_gdhU.jpg ; Brassica tournefortii
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_-wH0.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_QWGn.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_3b_D.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_HRKx.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hirta_g_AV.jpg ; Carex hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_Jwg_.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_lQ41.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_okm_.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_Dcqg.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_1a66.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_fn2T.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_kSm4.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_aapn.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_Um9c.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_wQlG.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura__Q8G.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_ppvO.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_GZsn.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_hpSm.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_pM8y.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_ulgV.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_tF0k.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_kCUF.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_KOLk.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_pBBY.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_SUCR.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_eTND.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_faEc.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_QBK0.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_yzOG.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_ErOQ.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-murale_0AsX.jpg ; Galium murale
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_kQ_U.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_Z_0D.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_3R0b.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_Dyvt.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_EHbP.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_fuAO.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_B1o0.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_kG8A.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_6pRu.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_0aH6.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_14QG.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-longus_xm9P.jpg ; Cyperus longus
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_DYGC.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_CxKY.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_YTOI.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_fkdH.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_jXfw.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Bidens-frondosa_RrfJ.jpg ; Bidens frondosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_8V8A.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_ww2-.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_r4Df.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_8kRF.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_M28j.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_xHiH.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_5_zQ.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_4W-1.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_37aY.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_Dp_s.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_2IxI.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_WpMf.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_cw6X.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_USFF.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_RoKO.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_Z1ZC.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_BziE.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_7kJ9.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_9Efi.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_gvcK.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_cQ4-.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis_h8Yy.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_B_eT.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_kue_.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Groenlandia-densa_-7rX.jpg ; Groenlandia densa
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_Go19.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_DQxK.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_xKN5.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_41Lp.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_2Xpw.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_B4xf.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_sS9D.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_-cjF.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_4jz-.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_0-MQ.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-supinum_DqU9.jpg ; Heliotropium supinum
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_Gf1T.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_n-Kv.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-runcinatum__VYo.jpg ; Sisymbrium runcinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_awvd.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_h4Ly.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_oxB4.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_UQDb.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-phyteuma_D3mn.jpg ; Reseda phyteuma
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_BLfj.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_D__p.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_85PS.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_QoS6.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_6-zx.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_yKHd.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_Jyrk.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_YZ5_.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_9vBy.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_lG7x.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_psqD.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_AGqf.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_DN48.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_grKx.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_WUkV.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_mgVD.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-vulgaris_2Uwa.jpg ; Barbarea vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_GSmg.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_G3Y1.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_HNeI.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-aucuparia_B4Ff.jpg ; Sorbus aucuparia
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_4vWd.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_9_Fm.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_JhIQ.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_1I4c.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_e4sD.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_4MRU.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_tkHk.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_O-8I.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_f3kw.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-pyrenaicum-lusitanicum_KbHm.jpg ; Geranium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-neglecta_UXi1.jpg ; Stellaria neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_0noN.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_CddO.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_Ko5S.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-scabrum_czBc.jpg ; Trifolium scabrum
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_xM0n.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_k0_S.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_St1A.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_PNXq.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_SdaY.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_RLV3.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_8CId.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria__6K4.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_-FPj.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_4FoF.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_w_H5.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_iqIu.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_LmI3.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-barbata-lusitanica_LUOp.jpg ; Avena barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_3rhS.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_agvb.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_7kQx.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_EYkh.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_vnGx.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Radiola-linoides_Ooi8.jpg ; Radiola linoides
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_czjs.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_CvJr.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_5enN.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_MzDy.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_sXbQ.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_aQGa.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_lwob.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_eZOX.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_-qxM.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_s5u9.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_9hrn.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_vXXZ.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-pulverulenta_jCvd.jpg ; Frankenia pulverulenta
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_xV3I.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_zxaK.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_iYfx.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_bi4l.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_Eq8e.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_vY-m.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_gQsP.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_2at0.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_s51j.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_CAMr.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_CRSr.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_3rG2.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_pEQd.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra__j_4.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_gVci.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_wjib.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_Quax.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_QmHA.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_zNlV.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_qNzp.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_YMex.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-minor_f6R0.jpg ; Lemna minor
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_S3kG.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_94Fh.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_z5bU.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_zPXj.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_0fy9.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_9Yr9.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_2sWM.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_EyCf.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_TkRf.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_iA_K.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_Syz3.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_LqZB.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_7Pou.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_2wXv.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_65x3.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_QIK0.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_xQw0.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_zI6n.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_P3rz.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_z750.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_U5V7.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_Yd6w.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_Oygz.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_aEpf.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_t5hx.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_547_.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_roTF.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_qMIH.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_nxTc.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_vXKL.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_bfom.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_bB4z.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_w0VZ.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_wZGz.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_SjiH.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_wcep.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_C8Rq.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_U9IP.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_K7si.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_5hjb.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-romana_MrDU.jpg ; Sideritis romana
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_5L1v.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_F4iL.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_OwP8.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_L6bQ.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scorodonia_I24N.jpg ; Teucrium scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_hddj.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-mahaleb_Ma8P.jpg ; Prunus mahaleb
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_OzcB.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_tlzn.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_hQCN.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_l8jx.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_Nldf.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-latifolia_QVno.jpg ; Oxalis latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-armeria-armeria_DBJl.jpg ; Dianthus armeria
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_Y852.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_q_-x.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_Q5e0.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus__KO7.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_GQPc.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_41lY.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_XbJy.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata__RsZ.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-alba-mairei_i6St.jpg ; Sinapis alba
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_rTN3.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_O1z5.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_BZGL.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-perennis__8gi.jpg ; Sarcocornia perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_IvhH.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_4z8B.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_2Bdf.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_I4aP.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_eWDY.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_uIyV.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_LnIZ.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_t5Xy.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_vt_e.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-illyricus-illyricus_6-4n.jpg ; Gladiolus illyricus
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-ageratum_Dtae.jpg ; Achillea ageratum
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_0rN0.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_1ZaS.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scorodonia_CNnI.jpg ; Teucrium scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_v7iS.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_ThDB.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_wJxS.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_e4kp.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_cvPV.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphoides-peltata_Reiv.jpg ; Nymphoides peltata
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_nVfS.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_TUcz.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Eriophorum-angustifolium_zwIY.jpg ; Eriophorum angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_FyQI.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_dzMw.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_FFw-.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_krop.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_rJvb.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_RmIJ.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_0uQU.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_C6vw.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_MY4i.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_7yEC.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_aYcB.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_qLoi.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_SYc4.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_tnV2.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_25KJ.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_i5-Y.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_yat-.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_DHuw.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_UyD3.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_5zG_.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_0VWt.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_Nl_z.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_IByX.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lanceolata_vj5J.jpg ; Plantago lanceolata
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_J2dv.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_kJM5.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_Sxe-.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_5eVD.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_SxRz.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_FPyD.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_0ljb.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_HsL2.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_w9ei.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_bFIz.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_ORok.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_A6s8.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_DBJR.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Gratiola-officinalis_HrMf.jpg ; Gratiola officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_Xmpv.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_dLtP.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_vZYC.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_R3XI.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_aZ3L.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_M526.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-neapolitanum_3jHp.jpg ; Allium neapolitanum
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_nL2J.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_7aO2.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-dubium_FQqi.jpg ; Trifolium dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_Lh2u.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_SUzQ.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_6svG.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_CxKE.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_nEp7.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_tm10.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_h7fh.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea__WP4.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_Mmkd.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_Nlb9.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_P-Y7.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_MvRF.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_7K7R.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_9KFA.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_LRLh.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_Qr5-.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_w7X_.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_1zoC.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_q5qY.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_eQ4T.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_KkRy.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_PvI7.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_b_4Y.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_IqfH.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_AIfo.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_XS71.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_PvlM.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-spiralis_c_57.jpg ; Spiranthes spiralis
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_yxXd.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_HCfq.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_bKf5.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_Rfvf.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_kso_.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_dTIC.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_msii.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_Y87j.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_q000.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_h1Iy.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_1zAa.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_Ca2O.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_J2-z.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_SQfA.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_zpgg.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_pItG.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_CepX.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_PBIP.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_7NE-.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_slAv.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_9g-U.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Paspalum-dilatatum_rJxy.jpg ; Paspalum dilatatum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_L0DG.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_4V6J.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_Ng3H.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_cHsx.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_2h39.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_24Wl.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_F9B6.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_PzRq.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_hMc8.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_NF1V.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_us__.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_qtxe.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lanceolata_EaTO.jpg ; Plantago lanceolata
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_kMvs.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_7dEB.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_6sVs.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_MD5c.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_gov2.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_Qyc2.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_AiFx.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_u2q7.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_nO38.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-fistulosus_rcI_.jpg ; Asphodelus fistulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_6ZBc.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima__Hjx.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_-5C6.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_sb6e.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Anthericum-liliago_v6yI.jpg ; Anthericum liliago
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_XiYq.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_oB1f.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_KASM.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_YnUV.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-calycinum_ZUjV.jpg ; Misopates calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_E7KL.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_ZWGd.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-luteola_hI45.jpg ; Reseda luteola
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_uCg_.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_xczS.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_vJ6e.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_SrHy.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_vr6c.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_V5Zt.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_CWLt.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_eVx5.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_Xkrr.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_fa9P.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_Mtgf.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_IGH1.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_rrtn.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_40oB.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_aXUw.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Cichorium-intybus_YPh7.jpg ; Cichorium intybus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_JFXY.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_Xur5.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_V4ER.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_a8g7.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_9N2p.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_rpw0.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_Cl6K.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_1N3E.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_-Hay.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_FIJn.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_fjTc.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_HD_y.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_9C8X.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_ak2g.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Leersia-oryzoides_ql1t.jpg ; Leersia oryzoides
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_R447.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_zJgE.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_XenE.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_pCfO.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-emersum-emersum_XeQf.jpg ; Sparganium emersum
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_mLrG.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_5mSq.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_cLsl.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_VgHV.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-pilulifera_bpGU.jpg ; Urtica pilulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_YMrI.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_tPfI.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_DexI.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_xZWW.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_DtDV.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-baeticum_yX-2.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_VeyE.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_H2zn.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_TG4C.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_rj6E.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_ke7Q.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_lVjH.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_kK4x.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_4cjQ.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_l4QJ.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_d2NM.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_SNqV.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_KQ_u.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_TGZD.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_9KVQ.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_AH3C.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_tS_j.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_c8F6.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Acanthus-mollis_0qc-.jpg ; Acanthus mollis
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_c6Io.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_trXu.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_dlbk.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_RUyf.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_E4Gx.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_wMTO.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_UEj3.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris_VXQP.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_AR-2.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_HYNW.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratophyllum-demersum_w618.jpg ; Ceratophyllum demersum
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_ZhKI.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_w90F.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_J7wt.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_f0DS.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_Bmaa.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_kOBk.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-galericulata_0OwU.jpg ; Scutellaria galericulata
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_RVbi.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_f48n.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_KQBH.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_iE3O.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_Kv9u.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima_NiUP.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_K0wB.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_z-2r.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_JH1H.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_ApR2.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_BJ_v.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_389m.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Tamarix-africana_yeHC.jpg ; Tamarix africana
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_bJiU.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_xT-H.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_iWjG.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_Tu31.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_FTcR.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_iVG_.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_kbMZ.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_RkE3.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-soda_f7F5.jpg ; Salsola soda
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_8bgz.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_ZAvo.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_9v6O.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_WY7g.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina__ShA.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_2nGh.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_X2uP.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_QwSf.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_-pj7.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_KhX-.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_ubW4.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-umbellatum_rHdz.jpg ; Hieracium umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_LsYI.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_mVfO.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_UrSf.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_9JMf.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_nLTX.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Gratiola-officinalis_Bhkv.jpg ; Gratiola officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_bKkw.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_2N45.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_JCG7.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_-YFY.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_STFc.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe__nDe.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_2c92.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_aJPH.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_NlRp.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_TyrA.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_stdX.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_mGv4.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus__M3m.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus__ehx.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_7o98.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-hirsutum_dnbO.jpg ; Epilobium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_lod-.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_OKtj.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_aPN1.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_PV0f.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_MX0v.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_P0KN.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_4xMW.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_gHoc.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_UfO1.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_1Iig.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_DcnX.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_XaKt.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_j8gM.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_kJep.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_VHhV.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_Jsa9.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_u3Uc.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_N9SF.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_X1pO.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_KEf2.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum__YVL.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_BYap.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_tRML.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_ZA-W.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_fxuA.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_wV0M.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_c71h.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_UZh_.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_I61f.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Radiola-linoides_MrIe.jpg ; Radiola linoides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_3Dtm.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_f0LW.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_5tqV.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_hoCp.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_fue-.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_5v3s.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Glechoma-hederacea_nK1h.jpg ; Glechoma hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_XQk0.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_pjcM.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_-XhP.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_Z2Mi.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_NYLM.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_i0cs.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_rT6P.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_vvpY.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_gTbs.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_mAEh.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-faya_oayC.jpg ; Myrica faya
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_qd6N.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_-Dgn.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_Ko53.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_U8Oy.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_qBtV.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_bmti.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_QDmQ.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_8cBJ.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-fuscus_jxbE.jpg ; Cyperus fuscus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_0lq5.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_0fdL.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Eragrostis-minor_RJZN.jpg ; Eragrostis minor
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_WIH4.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-squarrosus_BaNR.jpg ; Bromus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_sW1q.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_szE4.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_FXOG.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_gihY.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-barbata-lusitanica_634o.jpg ; Avena barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_UPoH.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_El6u.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_TqHo.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_B0b4.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Cichorium-intybus_LGsI.jpg ; Cichorium intybus
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_LI6Z.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_Xxvk.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_QXNc.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_AasM.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_ebTA.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_st7i.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_JLmp.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Picnomon-acarna_14Ls.jpg ; Picnomon acarna
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_VSgT.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_kqdr.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_sfAm.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_bHyV.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_XSzJ.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_a97C.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_Avrq.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_pIWH.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_vgKd.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_8hsk.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Cichorium-intybus_4g1w.jpg ; Cichorium intybus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_5LvT.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_zy9j.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_fnX0.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_7G3c.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_Vw8Q.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_3BvK.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_tpjO.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_iR-2.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_StBK.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_u3sI.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_IsUz.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_wPu-.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-melitensis_3SM9.jpg ; Centaurea melitensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_TdCn.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_vRx2.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_ObVV.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_ql7J.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-monspeliaca__uoj.jpg ; Polygala monspeliaca
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-interjectum_v0qs.jpg ; Polypodium interjectum
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_whrz.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_OYHJ.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_7fDo.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_4X0d.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_KA2a.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_Zvox.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_vHmq.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_s6fl.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-mahaleb_13XA.jpg ; Prunus mahaleb
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_7-Ub.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_Z14C.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_l0Us.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_vl3m.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_FXoa.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_9lHf.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides__Fo9.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_Q1N6.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_KjME.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-cordigera-cordigera_T70c.jpg ; Serapias cordigera
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_EHoN.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_pp5j.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_xQLy.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_fgLm.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_w3xv.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_Zmfn.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_a1Hc.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_FAEL.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_5-aC.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_YLkI.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_sOhq.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_uLw4.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_RtwJ.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_qCkw.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_V1YO.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_Hf0d.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_Iefs.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Pyrus-cordata_BT3F.jpg ; Pyrus cordata
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_s1Yv.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_-66-.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_YtqL.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_DlTD.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_8k0O.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_wCJ8.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_U2Oy.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_vdSr.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_w2hG.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_XtkV.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_JJy5.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_I6zf.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_j2W2.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys__hBq.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_1kAO.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_nlOQ.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_rTUv.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_2JRm.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_o9ct.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_3BPd.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_vaFg.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-afra-afra_INRD.jpg ; Plantago afra
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_L4TO.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_6uQ2.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-campestre_6Mgy.jpg ; Trifolium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-albicans_ryMs.jpg ; Iris albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_1Zkw.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_SFt_.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_JeYJ.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_wIg9.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_kPy_.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_gbMG.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_ydT8.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_xols.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_oNrx.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_BZUQ.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_ATdG.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_wjgy.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudarrhenatherum-longifolium_QL5O.jpg ; Pseudarrhenatherum longifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Anacamptis-pyramidalis_p1rx.jpg ; Anacamptis pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_k_Xl.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_h3X1.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_uLsm.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_UMRb.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_F3ry.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_e_Lb.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-latifolia_IMez.jpg ; Oxalis latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_xvcY.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_vp2n.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_rIJ1.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_4Zlf.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-vulgaris_7ULo.jpg ; Barbarea vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_xEMe.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_ePBK.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_BLHe.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-tillaea_eZJh.jpg ; Crassula tillaea
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_2ZI2.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_ulp3.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_XV8l.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_nV6k.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_u1_6.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_Hwr1.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_fcjZ.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_sEjF.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Tamarix-africana_vi0i.jpg ; Tamarix africana
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_9v9g.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_Xeq0.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_hMx-.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_k5D-.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_cUI3.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_Iofr.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_3jtI.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_Zlz5.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_2eEO.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_sqOc.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_Zzxf.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_DREF.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_Pbz-.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_cE8b.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-provincialis_TdVE.jpg ; Orchis provincialis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_qkHf.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-multifida_SUgq.jpg ; Lavandula multifida
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-sepium_lAI5.jpg ; Vicia sepium
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_f4Dq.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_SoGN.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_9DJt.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_-iP0.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Anthericum-liliago_lVg0.jpg ; Anthericum liliago
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_xdes.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_RKuw.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_gfXJ.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-latifolia_eC7p.jpg ; Sorbus latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_8UY9.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_oybK.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-latifolia_zjFH.jpg ; Oxalis latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_KGwy.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Anagyris-foetida_fErz.jpg ; Anagyris foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_Py7I.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_O0Tz.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_nQDL.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_N7Cb.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_OucG.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_ASa-.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_3DB6.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-subvillosum_9erI.jpg ; Allium subvillosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_Jyav.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Danthonia-decumbens_pdRt.jpg ; Danthonia decumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_m4lf.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_gU21.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_0a2J.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_OKW8.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_iYHd.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_4q-z.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_PtGN.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_w41Z.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_x_F8.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_oZRW.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_fs_A.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_gqnS.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_bk7_.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_kFVN.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_h7gD.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_aNWj.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_7mV2.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_Im-K.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_RC0L.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_UqDS.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_GcVm.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_KFsB.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_ysVh.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_DRJ5.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_L8cW.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_ywmo.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_y3pT.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_1v2v.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_XjJI.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_byjg.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_yEOt.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_rYPm.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_eDr-.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_8VN9.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra__3gI.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_51m_.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_AAJL.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_77s-.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_QB8w.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-major-major_rOb0.jpg ; Vinca major
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-subvillosum_rSM1.jpg ; Allium subvillosum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_qKYl.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_fQ2A.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_jDhm.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_Xihh.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_vuxj.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula_fiT3.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_-JfT.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima_kGRF.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-alpina_9MNh.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_mfmp.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_ZWp3.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_SM8r.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_Axqp.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_Kymb.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_368q.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_1u67.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_nzL6.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_VvWz.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-serotinus_1uEg.jpg ; Narcissus serotinus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_gfhl.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_nlPN.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-odoratus_YKdy.jpg ; Lathyrus odoratus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_pc1p.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_lOI-.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_4UXT.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_MlCA.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_Bq-E.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_kcV5.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_ELft.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_SAf4.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Polycnemum-arvense_mDjt.jpg ; Polycnemum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_YU2k.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_wwUg.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_YQoX.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_0iY0.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_XLGJ.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_5M5e.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Pteridium-aquilinum-aquilinum_j7N2.jpg ; Pteridium aquilinum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_7dlI.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_yYO2.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_rca-.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-latifolius_91ux.jpg ; Lathyrus latifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_f46K.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_7Pql.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_NoL-.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_JOaZ.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_mo3E.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-claviculata_HBSJ.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_lKMt.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_bgP_.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-undulatum_D7Em.jpg ; Hypericum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_4MCr.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-globulifera_C8fW.jpg ; Pilularia globulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_IV9y.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-arvensis_nyMf.jpg ; Stachys arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_W_rP.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-kraussiana_HpNQ.jpg ; Selaginella kraussiana
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_o3t7.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_zpOK.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrocotyle-vulgaris_SA6h.jpg ; Hydrocotyle vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_sDrZ.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_fHT8.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_2OsB.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_pt83.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-dilatata_Xwcm.jpg ; Dryopteris dilatata
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-patula_WjMo.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Origanum-vulgare-virens_lWS1.jpg ; Origanum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-baeticum_UPQp.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_CtWM.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_SItU.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_KFL7.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_W1c9.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_MDU9.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_ToHh.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_9uLc.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_aCd9.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_IZVr.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_KXVU.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_6FdF.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_lMNB.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostis-curtisii_yRYN.jpg ; Agrostis curtisii
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-serpyllifolium-lusitanicum_7M9d.jpg ; Alyssum serpyllifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_J06o.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_eN9u.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_gyoZ.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_LVDT.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis__z7B.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_sAZx.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_OvjE.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans__7DY.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_BsA_.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_C-KZ.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_kqI6.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_l2Lr.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_UHON.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_Dp5X.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_032f.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_5sfJ.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_dPXa.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-barbata-lusitanica_fe_U.jpg ; Avena barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_eYN6.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_oH0c.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-soda_sCr6.jpg ; Salsola soda
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_X0fy.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-multiflora-multiflora_sZIt.jpg ; Luzula multiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_GZqp.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_wivZ.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-helleborine-helleborine_PN4h.jpg ; Epipactis helleborine
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_scUH.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_MegD.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_zvVq.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_wIbb.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis_Kja1.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_faZa.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_15vm.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_A5TN.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_Ipxy.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_M5oE.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_v0Py.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_WBxN.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_BC_v.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_hz2W.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_WHx1.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-tomentosa_80CN.jpg ; Mercurialis tomentosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_VAeB.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia__phd.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_uf1h.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_clRw.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_LlqS.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_a_9O.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_DMGy.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_QRND.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_9X5l.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_h4RG.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_N6pB.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_TxqP.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_r4AO.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_e5gR.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_9lIA.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-bilunulata_smxq.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_130Y.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_YmNV.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_PKh-.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_KRi_.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_BYUE.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Euonymus-europaeus_QMDp.jpg ; Euonymus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_G_g7.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_uMrq.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_tl1v.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_eA59.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_ABbu.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_Sc7p.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_uG5S.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-angustifolium_atPe.jpg ; Trifolium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_uJ4D.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_fXzm.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_Trn1.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_Qh5c.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-cordigera-cordigera_w9yt.jpg ; Serapias cordigera
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_1_GM.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_Cg5e.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_b3Pm.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_GJi2.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_tak4.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-latifolia_ZycV.jpg ; Typha latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_ftr0.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_CeaO.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_bjrY.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_mLte.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_gIz3.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_tYcc.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_5oY4.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_fdQv.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_sz4G.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_RD7V.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_efqB.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_WkJX.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_ncuM.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_jGoI.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_4AwD.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_w1em.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_Kw6f.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_i5BS.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_0Iao.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_cgNZ.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_uUM6.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_adHS.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_IACm.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_G0D-.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_MjnG.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_AR9U.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_ui30.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_5aRk.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_0OVs.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_WWnC.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_4O2I.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_Gzu-.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_5fge.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_7UKk.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_Cy3-.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_OO15.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_nVXb.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_87pF.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_qNLW.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_a1dW.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-dyris_VmBX.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_AJhY.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_0nC4.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_HUPX.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Laurus-nobilis_xDwW.jpg ; Laurus nobilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_zO70.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_hGPx.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_0K_s.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_HQT0.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_Gkn-.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_a4qf.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_P1hi.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_L9dB.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_-QO_.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_MNq5.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Picnomon-acarna_VG4k.jpg ; Picnomon acarna
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_cdFY.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_0YZu.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_RXEm.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_UIsU.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_nKjx.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_Zqtz.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_t-1Y.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_kjqP.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_3Q5v.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_502r.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_LsKh.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_ubJN.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-acanthium-acanthium_G8ed.jpg ; Onopordum acanthium
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_gyR5.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-maura_1RmU.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-vulgare_TxUS.jpg ; Polypodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_D0RI.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_2DCx.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_WJf5.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_NrMH.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_kHeu.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_KXyu.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_H1G7.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_5Bz_.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_pMfh.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_IcjO.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_FULb.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea__VLT.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_58fr.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_AiQm.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_mNOX.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_F76G.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_2uf3.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_ovgw.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_pwNc.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_p8am.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_p6Gz.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_DiV0.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_uMoC.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_0W4k.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_PWvc.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_CTxO.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_Lxqd.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_qGMr.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_LTqu.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_bkIa.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_SafP.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_p7wn.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_DzYn.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-barbata-lusitanica_9L6P.jpg ; Avena barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_B7uX.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_4n4u.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_cyi5.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_ZCGy.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-emersum-emersum_KsIi.jpg ; Sparganium emersum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_flSx.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_Gndb.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_SLL6.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_zS0Y.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_3m5d.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_C6x6.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_YUAS.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_Cul7.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_yJU-.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_Do8R.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_PpmY.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_93MV.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_XJqD.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile__DVS.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_DH7I.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Anacamptis-pyramidalis_3ViE.jpg ; Anacamptis pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_Tmgg.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_q4i9.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_Kj0g.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_t-eg.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_NZ67.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_AlWu.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_CFvr.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_IQd-.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_7hpN.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-procera_wk2K.jpg ; Agrimonia procera
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_VVGY.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_Wnwp.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_2lAN.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_3ry4.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_4d5r.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_Boqk.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_yApW.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_vHjZ.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostis-curtisii_WsEL.jpg ; Agrostis curtisii
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_50GN.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_WRhK.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_xQsu.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Celtis-australis_8N3e.jpg ; Celtis australis
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_sYM7.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_1j7I.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_hFL9.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_e3rd.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_TLFQ.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_2f03.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Digitaria-sanguinalis_XpCr.jpg ; Digitaria sanguinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_Q9nn.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_yFab.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_wGLI.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_J3Am.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_o_Qq.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_-d0W.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-procumbens_lj4b.jpg ; Sagina procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_UVS6.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_OVZk.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_OjlB.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_gyla.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_tVC8.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_uUq6.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis_fIQa.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_LC55.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_SEwh.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-minor_TOSx.jpg ; Briza minor
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_FRbk.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_I4I6.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_QY6W.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-temulentum_D-C6.jpg ; Lolium temulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_9Ki2.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_S4Xl.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_Q9iK.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_leMK.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_YIEG.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-hirsuta-hirsuta_2AOO.jpg ; Asperula hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_C0pz.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_QU1c.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_HmaG.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-nemoralis_PQEk.jpg ; Poa nemoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_ZJjU.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_2Fl3.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_6jO2.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_6-Ap.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_qznM.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_jRfj.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_RM-d.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_BSnP.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-crystallinum_bgLb.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum crystallinum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_OgR1.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_7xXj.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_ve4z.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_MC11.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_jWXk.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Salpichroa-origanifolia_uVhh.jpg ; Salpichroa origanifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-annua_V4bD.jpg ; Poa annua
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_i8LN.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_L9-0.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_4Dm3.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_blSE.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_6SKx.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_yd5d.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_NCeR.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_W6Do.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_AVzp.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_4wK_.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_dPkM.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_env_.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_kWEf.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_GQ00.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_P9BD.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_8u-D.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_138K.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_3t0j.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_75vX.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_jjSt.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_sYdZ.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_fNQB.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_L_pV.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_L7X-.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_toX6.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica_xK8G.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_G_Oz.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-azoricum_3RgB.jpg ; Ophioglossum azoricum
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_HmyJ.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-sceleratus_PH2I.jpg ; Ranunculus sceleratus
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-complicatus_SNCp.jpg ; Adenocarpus complicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_p8fz.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_Wrdu.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_oI39.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_dN_3.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-saxatile_DMG3.jpg ; Galium saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_n8zV.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_gXpJ.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_SwKT.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-globulifera_5-w9.jpg ; Pilularia globulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_PRsn.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_Mwwu.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_US5C.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_YpqI.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_VNhv.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_RB5f.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_Zo97.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_svna.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_gW3b.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_FTUt.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_6BQi.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_SniU.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_sdzR.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-difformis-difformis_vdRp.jpg ; Vinca difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_ppRY.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_AyKs.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_c4y1.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_Pqud.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-serotinus_6jIi.jpg ; Narcissus serotinus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_CgN_.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_H_vY.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_CBmG.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_dgWG.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_pfg_.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_PYCB.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_uQzK.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_3MlS.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_AW54.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_wxEs.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_JGJ7.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-montanum-peixotoanum_KxRV.jpg ; Seseli montanum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_CQA3.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_oFXA.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_oOYV.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_aNuy.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_CuGs.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-hirundinaria_TD5T.jpg ; Vincetoxicum hirundinaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_gYPY.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_KB8R.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_G8qo.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_VyEs.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_nABq.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_EH45.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_o3jH.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_lVyA.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hirta_XBXq.jpg ; Carex hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_M-OF.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_YO_6.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_opTd.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_IMRx.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_YuaW.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_Rq7h.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_X4G8.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_eF2y.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-aviculare_qXTJ.jpg ; Polygonum aviculare
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_xpJx.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_MPaq.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_PAaX.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_ltit.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_Qlc3.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_noXZ.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_2hMX.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_pgvf.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_GIqp.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_Bc--.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_PuLf.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_-IEW.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_nenH.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_tRk0.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_7yG0.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_u-51.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_S1SL.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_l0S2.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_enqO.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_QNUd.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_eoop.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_tJ5q.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_m5gf.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_gAFM.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_P4J-.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_L3RK.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_-tV8.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-leucanthemifolius_m49y.jpg ; Senecio leucanthemifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_Pefl.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_YVos.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_TNl1.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_0Ai6.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_llUt.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_63jS.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_mbix.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_JEIS.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_66Tm.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_S5bY.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_zbza.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_ZXNq.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Origanum-vulgare-virens_9eFI.jpg ; Origanum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_lTgR.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_4qv5.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-provincialis_WlKk.jpg ; Orchis provincialis
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-armeria-armeria_GOAS.jpg ; Dianthus armeria
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_7Vks.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_0B1h.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-laciniatum_Kbna.jpg ; Solanum laciniatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_b7DP.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_k-Z3.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_XuHi.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_UpIq.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_aim1.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_s98v.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_GR7U.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_KLho.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-hirsutus_QjKB.jpg ; Lathyrus hirsutus
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_doTQ.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_Xqqf.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-repens_5rIO.jpg ; Trifolium repens
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-periclymenum_qnWG.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-acanthium-acanthium_MAef.jpg ; Onopordum acanthium
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_XWeO.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_VvRE.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_Lqig.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_3rbE.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra___cz.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_yI8-.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_JTBu.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis_Dvhg.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-italicus_xdpB.jpg ; Gladiolus italicus
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_xnW5.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-medium-medium_rK25.jpg ; Trifolium medium
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_4x8N.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_zI8C.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_H_zF.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_gYi_.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_-PGD.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_Wfvo.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_3cRZ.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_vgYc.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_vo3a.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_Ut5_.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_bvbQ.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-hirsuta-hirsuta_IZg7.jpg ; Asperula hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_TcV7.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_TH9g.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_T8Ac.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_U0fO.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_OKWu.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-pyramidalis-meonantha_LMmj.jpg ; Ajuga pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_qSRT.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_CWjq.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_W21d.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_BcPI.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_Pfb7.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-anglicum_GVWf.jpg ; Sedum anglicum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_aYnn.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-stellatus_geV8.jpg ; Rhagadiolus stellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_22e1.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_9m7S.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_5V9w.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_Ov9h.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_dZ0Z.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_rUpi.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_2WCG.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_OnYl.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_BMxQ.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_mcdi.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_BzxU.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_PMTz.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_2d7z.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_i1_a.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_W0It.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_PKze.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_7l0a.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_WON3.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa__ShF.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-subvillosum_u4uu.jpg ; Allium subvillosum
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_qht2.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_SAbg.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_yzBy.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_EC7k.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_6OPx.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_P5U-.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_zvXG.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-welwitschii_N6-n.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_0GAh.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_va30.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_DJsv.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_6zGj.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_dPMP.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_khj7.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_V6Ao.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_brxS.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_3xFI.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_hDUL.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_fgVu.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_ltNP.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_z5FK.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_P4-f.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_TWUY.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_3ejX.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_dvAV.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_HHds.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_9u2M.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_S9Rl.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_jhdX.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_Iihp.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_4UHf.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-nemorum_u3tN.jpg ; Lysimachia nemorum
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_rOAA.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_lP8m.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-stellatum_ydUk.jpg ; Trifolium stellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_r0ul.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Pyrus-cordata_KbJY.jpg ; Pyrus cordata
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_6Sxw.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_oKtR.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_XyyM.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_67od.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_omiY.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_4JDN.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_rV7c.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Anacamptis-pyramidalis_ACq5.jpg ; Anacamptis pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica__nA4.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_udy9.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_oQQZ.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-melitensis_EqSl.jpg ; Centaurea melitensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_LGUL.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_itNp.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-crispus_uAHW.jpg ; Rumex crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_p79o.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii__tmj.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_8iCs.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_6IRn.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_QpFP.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_R2fp.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_EE9u.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_GSMt.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_6bWZ.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_opti.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_GOqu.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_Bd2T.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_9o9P.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_adhL.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_uEtl.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-tillaea_DEj9.jpg ; Crassula tillaea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_eoKt.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_H51z.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_QPs6.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_cTr3.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima__437.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_xY6V.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_Zxvl.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_2HWN.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_dSK8.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_Ttvj.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_vuzt.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_w9jc.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_XZij.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_7qge.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_rxHb.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Paspalum-dilatatum_AHjV.jpg ; Paspalum dilatatum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_loCw.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_EJRC.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_ygXM.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-nodosus-nodosus_aOAM.jpg ; Potamogeton nodosus
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_c9vz.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_EhOq.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_4z_A.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_t86R.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_0QZy.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_Pdu3.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_s7Qr.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_8BI-.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_-hi8.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_4pW_.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-rubiginosa_CMsP.jpg ; Rosa rubiginosa
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_EG10.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_TIap.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_wdz5.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_w92x.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_2r1Z.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_hhJA.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_ure4.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_4lVc.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_MIWg.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_MkRN.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_vWTO.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_MwZU.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_HZoJ.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_l0fU.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_mcVe.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_wKMP.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_23bt.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_T5-Z.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_P1OO.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_uw8m.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_iDmt.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_1SD2.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_t2Er.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_EfZJ.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Gratiola-officinalis_bqCV.jpg ; Gratiola officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_FFEe.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Cornus-sanguinea-sanguinea_qTd7.jpg ; Cornus sanguinea
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_4UgG.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-campestre_C7_S.jpg ; Trifolium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-portensis_xnbo.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_R1Zy.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_y5aC.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_KdOR.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_iWer.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_xehS.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_ib5f.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_Xo_P.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_R6aj.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_XPxa.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_aeEW.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_iWny.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_7YKd.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_SPOa.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_2Vl_.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_5qqJ.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_8ZZJ.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-laureola_tghy.jpg ; Daphne laureola
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ericetorum_YCN_.jpg ; Allium ericetorum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_S0b8.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_N_O2.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_Pnue.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_8Wk8.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ulmus-minor_3-aO.jpg ; Ulmus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_kTYc.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_uHQB.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_t03F.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_rDak.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_l8Ec.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_tCq5.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_RhkM.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_M8yb.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_szsT.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_8Nsy.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_1Gtp.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_U9Kw.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_Y2jT.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_nOdY.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_48gM.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_NL6U.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_ryF5.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_b8SD.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_KVF6.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_tWFQ.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-vulgare_jjQG.jpg ; Echium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_FIUB.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_Hdhp.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_2jWi.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-neapolitanum_98SF.jpg ; Allium neapolitanum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_hiKt.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_c6uX.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_IHAm.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_sOkQ.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_VSNb.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_eTF3.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_ZHX9.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Staehelina-dubia_MIVz.jpg ; Staehelina dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_oOyh.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus__7UO.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_9RRA.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_Zbaf.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_DMtG.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_j76v.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_fpG4.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_8wku.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_vs6n.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_v1Lo.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_Y6i2.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_G5td.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_mfgo.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_nkeO.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula_XNGh.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_D1uV.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-leucanthemifolius_wYLX.jpg ; Senecio leucanthemifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_co-Z.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_1yL2.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_RmB5.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_rBJQ.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_OK61.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_PWoG.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_XxAN.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_PEB5.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_e2A1.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_2Wh8.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_f7tD.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_l1ak.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Paspalum-dilatatum_1E_i.jpg ; Paspalum dilatatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_ONsy.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_hkcE.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris__Usx.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-paludosus_iop6.jpg ; Ranunculus paludosus
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_4aj_.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_2ofD.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_JU3f.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_xtSG.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_O99x.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_roG4.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_Dmnr.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_bmG-.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_kpfQ.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_CVXC.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis_lhwG.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostemma-githago_UquW.jpg ; Agrostemma githago
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_NYzG.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_3BRP.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_v7Ej.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_eU8n.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_uQI2.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_jqoZ.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_I68N.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_yI1M.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra_nrvu.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_pfWU.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_WPHM.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_lG9g.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_-rXE.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_heUR.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_S7GX.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_Ky3q.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_OyQr.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_y845.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Disphyma-crassifolium_rGvt.jpg ; Disphyma crassifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_gTw9.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_XEfb.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Cynanchum-acutum-acutum_Cp2w.jpg ; Cynanchum acutum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_6n5N.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-pyrenaicum-lusitanicum_iEoG.jpg ; Geranium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_joMf.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_8hAi.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-hirsutum_QuTm.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_b63D.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_LhEy.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_riq2.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_O1w6.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_SXVZ.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_tWSo.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-supina-supina_c4zl.jpg ; Linaria supina
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_s0AI.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_BCXP.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_LjNA.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_QJPu.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_XmPE.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_7heV.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_KW0s.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_sOE1.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_tLSv.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_XS9T.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_fZky.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago__j-q.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_7Dic.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_9sBm.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-leucanthemifolius_TY1I.jpg ; Senecio leucanthemifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Galega-officinalis_Cjza.jpg ; Galega officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_tVKY.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_pWqE.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_3g5Q.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_wSrP.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus__kCu.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_PoYO.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_MTQT.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-angustifolium_hr9I.jpg ; Trifolium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_WNU7.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_TkQD.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_gBkr.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_lkbI.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_QvXF.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_oDOn.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_6LMl.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_kx0M.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_dKbI.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-palustris_Awgr.jpg ; Eleocharis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_yXuO.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_ysQr.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_BnyM.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_X9Xb.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_UXmV.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-maxima_fXIU.jpg ; Briza maxima
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_9VIm.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_KUGE.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_vtZU.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_8onC.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_Yzgr.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_HLS5.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-odoratus_zWCx.jpg ; Lathyrus odoratus
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_solo.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_wr7U.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_krx-.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_-tiR.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_4V2K.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_thPt.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum__5YN.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_f2qw.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_1BT1.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_GJEU.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_gbtU.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_ckHT.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_CwyL.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_g6g4.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_IWza.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_6UJ2.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_4wd6.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_HLzW.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_-8ys.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_TErH.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_biL7.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_rUk-.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_nwPD.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_ERWv.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_WXgP.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_QUNo.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_ilUl.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_AIdR.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_gB50.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_bTWs.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_qEwN.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_wm3K.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_yJDA.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_6Q1r.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_l2oN.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_Yids.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_gK8A.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_NFQP.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_eNG8.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_AmI6.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_jtLQ.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_KUrQ.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_9ltn.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_Yyz0.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_b8Ty.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_aOhq.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_MaUN.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_2mTY.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_lFaC.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_lwB2.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_C8ps.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_Ri0Q.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_eSt0.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_SPS2.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_SLjQ.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_793U.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_MVgG.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_fYlf.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_d3Wa.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Pteridium-aquilinum-aquilinum_SUq0.jpg ; Pteridium aquilinum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_aKPF.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_xdA3.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-temulentum_7FI9.jpg ; Lolium temulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_9bJO.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_y4tr.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_6WCa.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_8NJR.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_yKVO.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-septentrionale-septentrionale_U8qJ.jpg ; Asplenium septentrionale
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_ux2f.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_XKi4.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_m2JM.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_cAfe.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_SbcW.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_B32G.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_Pt53.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_j7Nc.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_xhM9.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_lhzs.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-subvillosum_d5-L.jpg ; Allium subvillosum
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_Pc8Q.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Cynanchum-acutum-acutum_IP6a.jpg ; Cynanchum acutum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_btSU.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_Fxvc.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_LrLO.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_wip1.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia__q33.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_6zUN.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_O9TC.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_7Jmn.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_SnX-.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_rAO9.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_qr7z.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_mz-l.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_FTY4.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_DXWr.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_5phd.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_hYh_.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_vk5A.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_zoQx.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_itZg.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_lO8Z.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_V-Fg.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_zC-P.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_B0Ha.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_J19F.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_the3.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_G2Xt.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_khR_.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_Irhm.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_fdo6.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_jvpa.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_b67w.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_4NvT.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_5U8s.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_Oqh5.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_Gy8H.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_ZDi5.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_I0Uv.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_Cd6t.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_T0WR.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_pTfR.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_Q4F5.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_z7bY.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_VZLe.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_pewB.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_g1uT.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-baeticum_itJp.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_a6oc.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_xgfE.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_TU--.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-chamaepitys_Kci5.jpg ; Ajuga chamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_5EIH.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_KECP.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_N4Pr.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-ageratum_zFO4.jpg ; Achillea ageratum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_ZO8d.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_Jps9.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Eriophorum-angustifolium_FTYs.jpg ; Eriophorum angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_eO01.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_mGqs.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ursinum-ursinum_T120.jpg ; Allium ursinum
http://flora-on.pt/Spiraea-hypericifolia-obovata_DAAj.jpg ; Spiraea hypericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_hlM6.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_qQ32.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_9IzX.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_nRVR.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-laureola_uUwZ.jpg ; Daphne laureola
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_0C1y.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Radiola-linoides_Gd20.jpg ; Radiola linoides
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-vulgare_yAYo.jpg ; Polypodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_sDja.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_dpaa.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_SjdC.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_KtrS.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_oWvF.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_ylW_.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_R5Qd.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_ksL7.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_YOmh.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_vXD5.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-multiflora-multiflora_94Ce.jpg ; Luzula multiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_0lxL.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_Vknz.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_ZoeP.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_Qyl-.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_bef9.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_URIn.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_tcOK.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-procera_m6Qz.jpg ; Agrimonia procera
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_r-_x.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_IDCu.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_ylL-.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_seg4.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_iBfh.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_6F_q.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_5OiX.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_YmMe.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_IjXt.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_EmpV.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_NWyl.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_4n3Y.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_3olC.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_a0RY.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_5ez3.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_USQb.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_KKOO.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_A3ie.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_K76T.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_Segw.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_dOVM.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_Ez_G.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_XjMG.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_Fljd.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_pMzQ.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_or5y.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_nuPG.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_xOb8.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_5o_v.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_b0lr.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_7_Qy.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_51vf.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_oIcV.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_FTUm.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Acanthus-mollis_Q5Gt.jpg ; Acanthus mollis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_D7nJ.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica_TgJ5.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_-bXJ.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_Ub7J.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_eY-z.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_g_RH.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_C0nG.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_8zGS.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_-LJK.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_FHv4.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_tNt-.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-angulatus_tceV.jpg ; Senecio angulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_1Ro1.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_n_tF.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_UKZs.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_NEOf.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_KUlN.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_L9kT.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_HT46.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_R02m.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_dlzl.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_3l8q.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_avXQ.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Ilex-aquifolium_wFlq.jpg ; Ilex aquifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_RLId.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_DY19.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_nPpZ.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_7o0i.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_EkJw.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_u7f8.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_r5HF.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_gUs9.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_gcjC.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_it1L.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Vulpia-ciliata-ciliata_kd3B.jpg ; Vulpia ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_00Zu.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_xKpp.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_2FSd.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_jACN.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_v-l4.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Theligonum-cynocrambe_-ovv.jpg ; Theligonum cynocrambe
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_ONi5.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_ekzX.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_Ato_.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_7b-s.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_I-T5.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_VMce.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_D2WR.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_6cdl.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_qEbD.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_9BFd.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_XDOU.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_x_7T.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_b96E.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia__7vx.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-aucuparia_82KW.jpg ; Sorbus aucuparia
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_ste9.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_kxgF.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_YFOo.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_mKiQ.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_ZNWl.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_GmVu.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_wyKv.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_8JIU.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_nsoS.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-nigra_znXD.jpg ; Carex nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-pratensis_IbiH.jpg ; Gagea pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_HhD8.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_s8cd.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_SO10.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_oDVH.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_EB2U.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_snA_.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_p8wv.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_MMLe.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_Xph2.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-oreades_LB8_.jpg ; Dryopteris oreades
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-arvensis__xzb.jpg ; Stachys arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_43ZP.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_jG82.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_je9r.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostis-curtisii_8ADG.jpg ; Agrostis curtisii
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_mfcC.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-reptans_cdRR.jpg ; Ajuga reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_EPXN.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_pJwQ.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_ZWfi.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-calycinum_e_Fj.jpg ; Misopates calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_EWpE.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-provincialis_AVgR.jpg ; Orchis provincialis
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_KUyd.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_J1S7.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_SNvJ.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_DVu0.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_tA98.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_BnNc.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_IB29.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_dtY-.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_q-8M.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_oV1M.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_cJRd.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_cbg9.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_ZdAZ.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_60Ks.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_yKcJ.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_GeBo.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_-GBV.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_UoV2.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_selq.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_RJsX.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_u4Gf.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_7rF_.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_ZiTG.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_tm-L.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrangea-macrophylla_Maqm.jpg ; Hydrangea macrophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-sepium_tuVO.jpg ; Vicia sepium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-repens_vroq.jpg ; Trifolium repens
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_j4eu.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_VYG2.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_7-o7.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_A372.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_janj.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_VZrr.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_RqCY.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_FHFb.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_fRYU.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_FTY3.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_PLZA.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-rugosum_JsTl.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_W2nf.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_pdab.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_P-lk.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_baLG.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_Hf1b.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_g5gY.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_iJnE.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_ua4-.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_NjMK.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_wt-D.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_o17j.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_4zes.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_Rx4P.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_DsW-.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_GRGi.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_XX7m.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_oot3.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_-a65.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_tkOJ.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-diffusa_NxI6.jpg ; Ononis diffusa
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_o4eg.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_4aXz.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_iSKn.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_wCMr.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_bjsO.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_8EHc.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_gCZT.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_5HHf.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_B5bo.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_AoZz.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_oOdD.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_qAKh.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_MM-v.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_tl3W.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_ZZqD.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_DXzV.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_iDPd.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_f40C.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_NnBB.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_Jxvh.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_uzFO.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_HX0m.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_P8o6.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_tKpl.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-glabra-hirticaulis_rYc5.jpg ; Cruciata glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_Z9fH.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_2Lkw.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_ypC9.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_1eH-.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_M3or.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_rt2e.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_AtVX.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_iTXg.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-micranthum_-EIy.jpg ; Trifolium micranthum
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_TVs2.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-media_9oW0.jpg ; Briza media
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_p92Z.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_3opm.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_jMoJ.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_5Dsd.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Glechoma-hederacea_DMs1.jpg ; Glechoma hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_k-MF.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_fZC4.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_zHdE.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_MUTq.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_VASH.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_xnQ0.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_nOb-.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-salicina-aspera_AvG-.jpg ; Inula salicina
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_MuDP.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_-o0T.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_prJc.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_Ywrh.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-angulatus_zPpr.jpg ; Senecio angulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_XmfT.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_MbK7.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_C76k.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_M75W.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_FyTC.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Acanthus-mollis_U7y-.jpg ; Acanthus mollis
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_Hhzx.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_VOcx.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_Dy9o.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_sbtn.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-phyteuma_vAU-.jpg ; Reseda phyteuma
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_kovn.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_s2rN.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_Wy9r.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_D5RA.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_tO-n.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_SoGg.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_1nXR.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_plqs.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_XjRT.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_UowT.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_NTDj.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_1Tpz.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_acgc.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_3YOb.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_g5_p.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_Jzra.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis_hixQ.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_hq1V.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa_CE4r.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_UOlJ.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_WZQV.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_-sc3.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrocotyle-vulgaris_KxMq.jpg ; Hydrocotyle vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_4Oht.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Taxus-baccata_7z8_.jpg ; Taxus baccata
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_MgZ4.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-ragusina__SNC.jpg ; Andryala ragusina
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_LA66.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_SMtd.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_M0R_.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_91c1.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_oiod.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-strictiflora_YKkT.jpg ; Serapias strictiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_Xb96.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_uMZD.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_JJP8.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_b7zJ.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_sNVn.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_EQfw.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_jh9D.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_Epp8.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_5Lqg.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_DOWt.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_iJ_y.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_Cx2P.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_o961.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_qVMn.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-pyrenaicum-lusitanicum_RJpD.jpg ; Geranium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_q59K.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_iOI-.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_EsIl.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_vH3j.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_BpaH.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_RVIh.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-longus_JNBz.jpg ; Cyperus longus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_RQwE.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_pkZH.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_I5tQ.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_4jlM.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_1Z5w.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_8pM4.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_Kmek.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_SsmI.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_sj4y.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_fVIX.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Staehelina-dubia_6h3d.jpg ; Staehelina dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_DJUk.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_necQ.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_CzSt.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_cNOm.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_JIU2.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_-_Lh.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_3VWs.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_XiQb.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_dHvi.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_DpYd.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_9dCd.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-pulegium_gmBb.jpg ; Mentha pulegium
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-welwitschii_qiS0.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_VuUH.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_gIwa.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_15Oc.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_VEed.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_4a6s.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_KyQD.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_Ffst.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_7Kcv.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_TIIH.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_o6FJ.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_kgTI.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_ats5.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_DNXP.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus_mczw.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_MvcF.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_67yz.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-holostea_xjoi.jpg ; Stellaria holostea
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_X5F2.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_ZEFI.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_LFax.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_4czN.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_d2kZ.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_s7OY.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_ntni.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_TXSO.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_68uY.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_Mz06.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Eriophorum-angustifolium_Ozwq.jpg ; Eriophorum angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_3MUh.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_FEgE.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_K4kc.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_6nf9.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_BnuW.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_jPK7.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_CM2m.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_XesY.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_COaJ.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_y5Gs.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_EeI6.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_BTjd.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_L_2y.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_RdCs.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_OXsb.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-crispus_rPoy.jpg ; Rumex crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_Mnm9.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_jL8Y.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_BBMM.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_52j4.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_GclN.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_-hum.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_hu3O.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_yHZS.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_rX6i.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_JI1e.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_RHo-.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_vuyx.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_o2ze.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_gira.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-obtusifolius_SAWX.jpg ; Rumex obtusifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_8fIC.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_mVVs.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_mYwQ.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_qT9l.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_ZJL3.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca__Dsv.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_vhhl.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_aKDY.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_LvJg.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_JwRO.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_iiI2.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_iIKQ.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_qmhs.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii_vw7z.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_dBXG.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_gs9C.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_vZiF.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_LmxN.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_0RmQ.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_j-lj.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_kzGu.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-provincialis_LfAN.jpg ; Orchis provincialis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_vhgL.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_7zxI.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_bQFj.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_T63P.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_fqP2.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_uFdM.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_-wyS.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_0DTh.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-illyricus-illyricus_o1gL.jpg ; Gladiolus illyricus
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-hederae_k-WA.jpg ; Orobanche hederae
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_tBUP.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Radiola-linoides_gT_1.jpg ; Radiola linoides
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_tFBl.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_l2sP.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_oUGp.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-hispidus-bourgaeanus_sypQ.jpg ; Leontodon hispidus
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_buJN.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_L08d.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_k6aS.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_iV3Y.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_Xiip.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_gD-q.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_jbj5.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_8iDv.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_ZJpH.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-murale_jyFb.jpg ; Galium murale
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_PQ_w.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_voAf.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_LVoe.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_zx5R.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Xeranthemum-cylindraceum_Hfd8.jpg ; Xeranthemum cylindraceum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_WEMN.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_2yqr.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-palustre_8sI7.jpg ; Galium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_bbgv.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_dNgw.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_W4HD.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_SGZN.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_XdxD.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_XUjE.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_GKuA.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_biqS.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_hqbr.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_D3zJ.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_yABK.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_sJQR.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_yrm_.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Anagyris-foetida_gHRb.jpg ; Anagyris foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_0hhu.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_LeT8.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_PwRA.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_3L_1.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-melitensis_x2Qv.jpg ; Centaurea melitensis
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_uEQW.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_zNED.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_eA8h.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_9cZw.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_MjDU.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_VFSr.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_kpkj.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_d7OX.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_8Js0.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_btq_.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_qb1Z.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_hSkj.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_wDvb.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-muricatus_4Qbk.jpg ; Ranunculus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_trLf.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_YrT0.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_E1EI.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-ramosissima-globularis_fHKe.jpg ; Myosotis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_tblj.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_4KRJ.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-supina-supina_oNqY.jpg ; Linaria supina
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_-b1j.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_z0RO.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_8BQp.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_Av2K.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_K2AU.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-secunda_1KWD.jpg ; Myosotis secunda
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_pA8Q.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_p0uS.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-hirundinaria_CqPw.jpg ; Vincetoxicum hirundinaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-reptans_tSKq.jpg ; Ajuga reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_n6Ii.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_FAIZ.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_4sXn.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_hKdQ.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_Gq5d.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_pvVZ.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_UXF3.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_-Of1.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_ro_4.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_RxJV.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_Pi1b.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-canariensis_Ivdt.jpg ; Quercus canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_7L20.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_QAXr.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_DmLD.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_KlQ2.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_YNS8.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_drmh.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_AnZ1.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_B0I9.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_Zg4W.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_CyfP.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_jsvf.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Gastridium-ventricosum_nebZ.jpg ; Gastridium ventricosum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_HVWe.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_CzkR.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_fCE6.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-undulatum_H0mf.jpg ; Hypericum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_EygV.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_z0My.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_eXUD.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_z_OV.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_NG0c.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_i4T0.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_cEeC.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_l9I0.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_lRSP.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_qiLP.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_EJA1.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_s5fu.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_FoOe.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_4xIO.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_591y.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_6P0Q.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-phyteuma_4tAr.jpg ; Reseda phyteuma
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-monspeliensis_6T1L.jpg ; Polypogon monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_YQVE.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_kNDU.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_HAgI.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_Lrvp.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_1TpO.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus__18x.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_A1n9.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_D0hY.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_6laP.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_D8vR.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_KlHb.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_ZdpN.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_mjMq.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_SH1y.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_y0qd.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_bI5m.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_MRKV.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_jgaO.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_wJ6Z.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_LkrG.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_SBpP.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_fBas.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_3cz3.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_S2ve.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_5qGY.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_iT9W.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_riKl.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-pratense-pratense_OlhP.jpg ; Trifolium pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_En6V.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_QrD3.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_djYU.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_nnlG.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Succisa-pratensis_BSrm.jpg ; Succisa pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_1tqI.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_Kwfy.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_QH6y.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_UCjg.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_-aHE.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_5JML.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_vez7.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_EyRc.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_U1Dj.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_298a.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_3T_W.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_Ixs7.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_SQoE.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_yNSZ.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_JBq8.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_iI7H.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_MStY.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_iXyT.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_iUap.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_62VZ.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_LtHZ.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_X9eS.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_USvg.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_uBt0.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_OmSO.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bufonius_qSJW.jpg ; Juncus bufonius
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_B7s2.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_b6T4.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_xuTi.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_w4OM.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata__QpH.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_jB__.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_VShV.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_7QsK.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_V_iC.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_mYHS.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Alliaria-petiolata_VVHr.jpg ; Alliaria petiolata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_nl1V.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_2xpx.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_JiVa.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-nigra_hXpT.jpg ; Carex nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-serraria_0h1R.jpg ; Plantago serraria
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_R_wV.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_ru__.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_4SEv.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_1zU5.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_Mw0x.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_6xkE.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_3pBY.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_r5HF.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_xOYo.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_jtv0.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-leucanthemifolius_-Xlh.jpg ; Senecio leucanthemifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_-61k.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_deMb.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_y3Yt.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_njAn.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_ABm7.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_8xDT.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_Tn_M.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis_rZj-.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_fcJ1.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-roseus_wvDk.jpg ; Rumex roseus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_73V7.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_bWad.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_PGnl.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_RUXD.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_KPUG.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_3g9J.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_FltF.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_CfN3.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-anagalloides-anagalloides_Q7Vk.jpg ; Veronica anagalloides
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_KvhA.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_S5la.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_fLLA.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_EfU1.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_n36t.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Groenlandia-densa_kfet.jpg ; Groenlandia densa
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_OGwF.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_t52F.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_-Duv.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_1UgJ.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_NyLL.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_IO8T.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_NTbT.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_lsht.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_j3Hi.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_ga4R.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_lIks.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_L2W6.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_ObuJ.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-neglecta_CPGP.jpg ; Malva neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_cUr-.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_AnAM.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_R4lk.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_5SN-.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_D-Ss.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_Fwws.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_eeqn.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_So4G.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_IYYm.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_CrcM.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_Re41.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-pilulifera_ay3R.jpg ; Urtica pilulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_CYsq.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_Bcaw.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_lbAw.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_5qa2.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_9goH.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_Le1k.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_cw7A.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_VXhD.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_SHD6.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_1mxL.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_Rfb0.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_TC6F.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_ZaZh.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_Tlse.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_4PIZ.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_FAyA.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_H5WB.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-muricatus_gUMr.jpg ; Ranunculus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Taxus-baccata_H75E.jpg ; Taxus baccata
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_VxMc.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_l3ZY.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_3GbZ.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_llAe.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_N6Oe.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_1EWk.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_TPJb.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-odoratum_6N3s.jpg ; Anthoxanthum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_tu6h.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_RqOl.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-hirsutum_MDvu.jpg ; Epilobium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_Ce2R.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-planiflora_EoEx.jpg ; Cuscuta planiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_OrX-.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-pycnocephalus_O0cA.jpg ; Carduus pycnocephalus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_Y-WO.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_8C0R.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_F-Hr.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_IXCf.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_vs2N.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_0_ih.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_Ow2g.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_Ht0R.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_rrfL.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_ECJv.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_bjJk.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_DCSz.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_13h6.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_Rbug.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_y3u6.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_R3To.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_gpZM.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_l-OJ.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_1Z41.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_z8Kh.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_Fsyi.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_cHkF.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_x8rC.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_eXTk.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_NchZ.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Phalaris-arundinacea-arundinacea_mOLt.jpg ; Phalaris arundinacea
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-acre_HCMr.jpg ; Sedum acre
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_KjBp.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_z4C-.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_AwIz.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_JZ6T.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-muricatus_azTe.jpg ; Ranunculus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_xgBJ.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_GSMa.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-denticulata_HjD7.jpg ; Selaginella denticulata
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_JLeR.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_kD5h.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_urX1.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_X9XV.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_36pg.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_A7Cm.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_016T.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_2slA.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_oe4m.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_j-LI.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_ADZk.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_Bp81.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_eunh.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_m_Kw.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Gastridium-ventricosum_4IQw.jpg ; Gastridium ventricosum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-vineale_NZhD.jpg ; Allium vineale
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_zk01.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_JyPP.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_5Qjd.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_g943.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_O3Ja.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_MsbD.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_Sl-O.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_alt-.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_DLeO.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_yd6V.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_Ry3J.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_Gt9u.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_bGQN.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_7G9G.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_YoWi.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_bJZm.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_DzAm.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-nigrum_CJHZ.jpg ; Solanum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum__H_U.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_g943.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_Z-E2.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_gMZZ.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_XIS-.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_jxN0.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_xuLP.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_TvN5.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_s4VQ.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_hL7V.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_GzVA.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_ENC_.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-phyteuma_utHa.jpg ; Reseda phyteuma
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_mte1.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_i5A5.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_mB3A.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-aristatum-aristatum_d0Xy.jpg ; Anthoxanthum aristatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_VbMP.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_u8_h.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Groenlandia-densa_4Uci.jpg ; Groenlandia densa
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_Wzo4.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_meAZ.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_tbEN.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_klGv.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_90Ep.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_XHZL.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_5LPp.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_COx5.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_WNNX.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_H8gT.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_W-8H.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_NjrU.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_WBGP.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_Njfb.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_xFiC.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_KsEP.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_rshp.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_HGCx.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_-iVs.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_fxhc.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_U7Ph.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_x3vs.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_AOCL.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_5oXt.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_dZfa.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_OwxU.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_1X04.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_uTAa.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum__UiD.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_Gy3G.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_SKGD.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus__cvS.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_GBhE.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_Wd3J.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-minor_sPCQ.jpg ; Briza minor
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_C_ib.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_hFzh.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula_hVvx.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_wQUw.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_59vt.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_GhgA.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_jCOj.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-intertexta_Lu-l.jpg ; Medicago intertexta
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_WSR8.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-purpureum_vM0C.jpg ; Lamium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_VPio.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_XZti.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_FDj2.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_gM80.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_L5cU.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-suaveolens_5Ro5.jpg ; Mentha suaveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica_o8jT.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_LyRY.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_LlJP.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_t-VE.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_gd82.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_M5MS.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_S5bb.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scordium-scordium_OGus.jpg ; Teucrium scordium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_LxHq.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_UwRr.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_k1Kv.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-provincialis_mpI_.jpg ; Orchis provincialis
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_6dc3.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_H_Wa.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_8B5m.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_rYQ2.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_ydAn.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_9lKa.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_-wI8.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_Wf1U.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_w-P-.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_mCiX.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_eP95.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_6fJW.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_dS0r.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_azjV.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_w_GH.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_RQ51.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_peBR.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_UQjb.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_k4bD.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_BLuT.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_X6fy.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_PPk8.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_xGez.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_TuU_.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_wM2P.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_omM7.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_1k78.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_caDm.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-perenne_1hTO.jpg ; Lolium perenne
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_kj-C.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_Y8yb.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_mqNJ.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-officinalis-officinalis_P0vy.jpg ; Valeriana officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_eH02.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_bjBI.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_RLhU.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_ajId.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_fYS7.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_gW9D.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_ejPZ.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_lgCr.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Tradescantia-fluminensis_gMRf.jpg ; Tradescantia fluminensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_SyKr.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_QxNv.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_bKla.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_Uflb.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_gFZL.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_oGdq.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_4V6H.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_jvR4.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_qrLt.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_7HAz.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_K7_B.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_fdPy.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_By6l.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_0ysu.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_VGRy.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_YdPV.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_5z0k.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_bE-v.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_7FA6.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_abaR.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_coQk.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_nqga.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_Upg9.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_c1WD.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_P1P9.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_3Ptw.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_Uxw7.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_QWqu.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_axjW.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_fDRc.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_hVyB.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_7j47.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_8BNX.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_ZRi0.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_faaU.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_ByGz.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_j8ZD.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_vBaP.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii_0SFW.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_n6eQ.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_4QbU.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_8yLC.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_-2nE.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_CkQx.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_19vz.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_7cym.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_idw_.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_tMB6.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_bnUB.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_E7kd.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_5UFk.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_1kvz.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Taxus-baccata_FlVP.jpg ; Taxus baccata
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_tdLm.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_ITS-.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_m97z.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_GqEY.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_me4U.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_2hc0.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_cpTx.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_lh-R.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-clementei-clementei_Wabm.jpg ; Euphorbia clementei
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_8HHJ.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_i6h2.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_7WPT.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_gNN9.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-diffusa_eA2G.jpg ; Ononis diffusa
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_qztd.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_gxvo.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_Zh5F.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_qDac.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_OB47.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_F7BX.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-anglica_Akfc.jpg ; Potentilla anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_iYZr.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_QC7A.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_XNbr.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_wjct.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_pOae.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_wu3p.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_5O8a.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_23YA.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_fOkA.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_vLnF.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_bfuF.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_Y7xR.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_lApF.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-lanceolatum_OLlI.jpg ; Epilobium lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_p70W.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_GT0R.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_4txp.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-striatum_4AE1.jpg ; Trifolium striatum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_LSOT.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_88K3.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_1NrO.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_zFbY.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_nT-W.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_0CP1.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_5Bz0.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_EKLB.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_LKkh.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima_SfVm.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_4iIL.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_ZFiV.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_Uuu2.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris__LaE.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_EvHk.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_G6lY.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_luRO.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_hWNy.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_zRmb.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_GXBs.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_HY8A.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_FH69.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_yveu.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_HPL5.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_wdU_.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_PZkc.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_dAai.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_V2eX.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_sRK_.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_KUbR.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_5Kzv.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_nQT8.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_q1oP.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-italicus_fXdd.jpg ; Gladiolus italicus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_DeyG.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-esculentus_1egB.jpg ; Cyperus esculentus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_G58e.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-paludosus_POI7.jpg ; Ranunculus paludosus
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_wyfj.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-rugosum_KRi_.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_qRV5.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_z77V.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_1WD8.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_wU14.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_M5r7.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_7k_8.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-stellatus_TEXb.jpg ; Rhagadiolus stellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-glycyphyllos_rxOc.jpg ; Astragalus glycyphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_FgbG.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_SRJM.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_U5h2.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scorodonia_KH1K.jpg ; Teucrium scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_b_PD.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_Th95.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_T8C_.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_11zr.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_sPMs.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_JsJW.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_dlcO.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_1tWq.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_g-bg.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-nemorum_Y2Gs.jpg ; Lysimachia nemorum
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_7g3Z.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_UNxp.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-glycyphyllos_gz2S.jpg ; Astragalus glycyphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-picta_OLe2.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_5flu.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_BzEr.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_ixJ4.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_6nyP.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_8FIw.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-anagalloides-anagalloides_qp3C.jpg ; Veronica anagalloides
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_cmcF.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-maura_clRw.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_XBDf.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_NBL7.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_06qS.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_J-Bl.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_SB3P.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_nRVf.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_Tn56.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_ijxo.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_e46a.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_pkTk.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_oPHw.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_mVGh.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_w7eI.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_W36z.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_XKl5.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostemma-githago_sfOF.jpg ; Agrostemma githago
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_CNMK.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_XAiU.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_5WA8.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_1Q2I.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_Of_g.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_9m3O.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_MPQG.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_VPa0.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_0wc5.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_Bi9t.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_DEr6.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_Y94f.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_S6-M.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_fuDh.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_F3QN.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_0oYu.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_d8VY.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_Yev7.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_I9rK.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_DrUt.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_Ivzy.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_tXNZ.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_-3NJ.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_ANXM.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_CmPq.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_FkJQ.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_u5tc.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_qWEy.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_D5oT.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_gEku.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_BaAf.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_aYbu.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_ZeMn.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_5-2c.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_g9BV.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_DC3b.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_SuEs.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-vulgaris_lnuW.jpg ; Prunella vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_OfnQ.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-intertexta_mWCF.jpg ; Medicago intertexta
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_BXw2.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_JIUX.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_6vNo.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_fFTm.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_YrXu.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_ZFCg.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-inflexus-inflexus_N6oB.jpg ; Juncus inflexus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_bBxo.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_wH-X.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_fWhe.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_x9JA.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_euzx.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus__LTV.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_DP69.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_yHm6.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_ZoAZ.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-origanifolium_bi1-.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_4dMw.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_ACCF.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_Vsot.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_Sejc.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_mRPo.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-vulgaris_gsSr.jpg ; Prunella vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_FIS1.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_KeNO.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_iaXT.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_fx0y.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_wKj1.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_3Cds.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Alliaria-petiolata_7hrW.jpg ; Alliaria petiolata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_-ok-.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-ramosissima_GNzV.jpg ; Malcolmia ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_1yNC.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_bxJo.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_xrJB.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_ekAO.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-nodosus-nodosus_TDOs.jpg ; Potamogeton nodosus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_noLa.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_Pzr7.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_-pjD.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_wVKV.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-stellatum_Ow-L.jpg ; Trifolium stellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_pTtz.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_VzFQ.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_m5xv.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Gennaria-diphylla_aZvN.jpg ; Gennaria diphylla
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_2Lmv.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_YZwX.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_3mo2.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_T-TO.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_OD33.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_Os6p.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_mJSt.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_fxvm.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_8VOh.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_Pixz.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_zuCI.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_CjmA.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_2kZi.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_f-AR.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_ivo1.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_rheC.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_sg7d.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_98ZW.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-lusitanica-lusitanica_za6P.jpg ; Prunus lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_NEna.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_c_qA.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-denticulata_q6ZL.jpg ; Selaginella denticulata
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_oCGV.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_VkD3.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_Teyf.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_P8M3.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_up47.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_B2lL.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_73o0.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_VkVe.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_d6xt.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_8Do3.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_5yD5.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_U_kQ.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_WyJm.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_lLu_.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_PW5v.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_X39B.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_3Biv.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_Ehec.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_01Be.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_kuZ8.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_kk64.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_RGrC.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_dcuI.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_fvj3.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-fuscus_ikxN.jpg ; Cyperus fuscus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_ZeyT.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_imiY.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_yP3A.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-crispus_uNAs.jpg ; Rumex crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-coronata_SVlX.jpg ; Valerianella coronata
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_ZJp5.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_oRng.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_SLQj.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_358h.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_nvMv.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_G5K6.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_nTJy.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_oNBK.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_SyQD.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_qpSF.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_8muI.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_YYv0.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_lzfQ.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_gZUW.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_QY5G.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_YgA4.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_BTEs.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_mLk-.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima__iWf.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_7Pjp.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_2hyq.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_Pm61.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_tzoH.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_8P_R.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_LBch.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_-1j8.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-equisetiforme_gP3r.jpg ; Polygonum equisetiforme
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_hrtz.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-neapolitanum_6mjN.jpg ; Allium neapolitanum
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_VDXy.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_oE3-.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_WVX4.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_8A47.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_b54O.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_NTRl.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_pV7D.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_Tazs.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_4fKu.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_Rwgf.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_7JxB.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_yAw4.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_wQXw.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_qaBn.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-arvensis_C6Wr.jpg ; Sinapis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_0n5P.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_NnSG.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia__Ep2.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_4lUK.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_H_gb.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_aDoL.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_FQQR.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_9cre.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_MMGd.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_LZV-.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_CoH9.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_vZ7R.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_uESD.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_76gt.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_q5X9.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_gzkF.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_disK.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_o1U2.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-aristatum-aristatum_dA6N.jpg ; Anthoxanthum aristatum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_nBq9.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_Q-pe.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_Tt82.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_UoCf.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_XB6m.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_4jcv.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_pBWS.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_DGyp.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-welwitschii_jYoc.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-sphaerocephalon_SL5R.jpg ; Allium sphaerocephalon
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ursinum-ursinum_2kOX.jpg ; Allium ursinum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_01Py.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_lA9w.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_Q_k9.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_4LIu.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_kZ3-.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_gaCH.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_p6lT.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_LN-l.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_eG_Q.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_nOqW.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-murale_a6ae.jpg ; Galium murale
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_be3S.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_ERGF.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-hispidus-bourgaeanus_PBR4.jpg ; Leontodon hispidus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_6_J9.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_QWvK.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_6dMA.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_-PZQ.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_scVK.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_Fbwr.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_kaco.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_6stx.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_-Ifx.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_xuT_.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_KkW2.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_jJYq.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_YwCW.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_v1f3.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_gUx8.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_gA-P.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_loeM.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-latifolia_9kJ_.jpg ; Typha latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_hSiA.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_wbSx.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-neglecta_tgeN.jpg ; Stellaria neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_CDHC.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_klOc.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_yy6l.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_j_Vp.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Ilex-aquifolium_e2LJ.jpg ; Ilex aquifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_gmnn.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_kpBg.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_Sobn.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_Yhim.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_2Y2r.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Cynanchum-acutum-acutum_OJsm.jpg ; Cynanchum acutum
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_zpyw.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea__NLs.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_h42B.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_GA6X.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_8d98.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_8MbL.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_fJ2G.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_Iket.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-sphaerocephalon_ll8w.jpg ; Allium sphaerocephalon
http://flora-on.pt/Laurus-nobilis_VzSO.jpg ; Laurus nobilis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_vnX6.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_HAx2.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_7u32.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_n4a_.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_BLNx.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_F-hT.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_MPhZ.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_zmjv.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_H9Mt.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_yzDl.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_39_k.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_9by0.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_QX6a.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-palustris_9aWk.jpg ; Stachys palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_UeDi.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_Y6HI.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_l6-E.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_aScz.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_gtqg.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_jxdt.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-glabra-hirticaulis_lrTN.jpg ; Cruciata glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_oLn0.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_lT6r.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_u6L8.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_QTAM.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_nRzo.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_AD5a.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_v3s6.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_L0fd.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_F2ih.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_tQSq.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_LXLh.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Echinaria-capitata_pygJ.jpg ; Echinaria capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_ydjI.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-canariensis_M0Y0.jpg ; Quercus canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_qtWm.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_x-xa.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_GAdF.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_3YjZ.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_f2dc.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_aM9d.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis_6cEB.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_3-dw.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_arFG.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-planiflora_DXjw.jpg ; Cuscuta planiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_65wf.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_T-zc.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_bsOu.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_C8go.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_mdY5.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_tUG6.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-iva_-FeS.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_eioZ.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera__-sY.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_Y7q3.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_CSO1.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_hLt9.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_No7r.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_v0CP.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_3snN.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_Khh5.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_57uR.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_VTEY.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-roseus_V9eS.jpg ; Rumex roseus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_ZK0L.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_G15Q.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_VhkL.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_KE27.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-glabra-hirticaulis_-9RN.jpg ; Cruciata glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_sXn6.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-spiralis_BqSB.jpg ; Spiranthes spiralis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_BNig.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Cornus-sanguinea-sanguinea_wJ2b.jpg ; Cornus sanguinea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_xtcV.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_Jj9Q.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_wjY3.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ursinum-ursinum_raj1.jpg ; Allium ursinum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-trinervis_9zEa.jpg ; Carex trinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_819_.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-pilulifera_xzhk.jpg ; Urtica pilulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_jF75.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_YXQ6.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_x7b9.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_ohTK.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_GxpF.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_GI8C.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_Xuw-.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pusilla-pusilla_gfS8.jpg ; Ononis pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-thapsus_wiik.jpg ; Verbascum thapsus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_kMis.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_rAxz.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_Oc94.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_8DDw.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_nQB4.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_VzRM.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_VOdv.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_wxiG.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_BIv5.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Pteridium-aquilinum-aquilinum_i-tF.jpg ; Pteridium aquilinum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_T2p4.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-affinis-affinis_gEXM.jpg ; Dryopteris affinis
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_ab4D.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii__u0K.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_qeM7.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_TePy.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium__gJ-.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_P4OD.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_4idq.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_pRt3.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_og2Q.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_MAVp.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_ceVA.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_nSJS.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_Um8x.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_U8rI.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_Ck6Z.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_zoc5.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_yvGv.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_iI-B.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-incarnatum_kQmL.jpg ; Trifolium incarnatum
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_sqUz.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_bnk6.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_zvx4.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_ewcT.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_ZxMp.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_7IOr.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_rqLf.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_tWn1.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_VDsV.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-anglica_O-eJ.jpg ; Potentilla anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_LKCA.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_8l29.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_8Bwt.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-italicus_9Zq3.jpg ; Gladiolus italicus
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_2eJu.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_WS3K.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_KKlJ.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_eEtH.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_WWtf.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_BTCP.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_UKrI.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_Bcw_.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_p_56.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_vIHA.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_whDn.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_9XW1.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_Vqck.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_mc2v.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_eFzB.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_m1Nz.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_M1OU.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_MwkA.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_uCHf.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_Xpkr.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_rvF4.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_fyM3.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_mWR4.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_9t1Q.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_VYur.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_ZDuG.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_N9fp.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-armeria-armeria_Xe-T.jpg ; Dianthus armeria
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_L0io.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_SxC3.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_iMUy.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_R4nN.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-arborescens_QA7R.jpg ; Viola arborescens
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_kIqq.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_bxyv.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_tCHz.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_APVO.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_-NxC.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_r2Y7.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_i9eE.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_Vzjc.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_cGyT.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_f3pB.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_NPia.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-purpureum_YWT_.jpg ; Lamium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Theligonum-cynocrambe_syuT.jpg ; Theligonum cynocrambe
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_J6p4.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_bKNk.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_j0U3.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_d0zT.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_SDmz.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_17KR.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_5Xe3.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_iBH2.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_IgBS.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_xTzT.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_NDE-.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_uCt3.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_0fEZ.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_mjVI.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_8XG9.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_kDWj.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_igFa.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_fVS3.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_5zjG.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_5ywj.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_e9I-.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_5xsL.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_ss8j.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_MIW5.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_m_GS.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis_Pzp1.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_E2q2.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_Hhh5.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Phalaris-arundinacea-arundinacea_duld.jpg ; Phalaris arundinacea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_A5m3.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_VYKk.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-sativus-isthmocarpus_fPMO.jpg ; Ornithopus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-angustifolium_M3CI.jpg ; Trifolium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_1Vfv.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_wDpC.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_WutQ.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_giQu.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_SvPv.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Galega-officinalis_sUp4.jpg ; Galega officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_7xYp.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_w_ie.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_0SMn.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_WgGD.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_RWGR.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_lRP1.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_XUBB.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_A6-H.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_j0xC.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-vestita_j5QI.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_i9O2.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_7jU0.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_nvNx.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_UEez.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_f7x3.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_g4xh.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_uKG8.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_KWv3.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_BFFE.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_DYjt.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_3QCB.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_eiFN.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_KJQX.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_Afp6.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_lnKF.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_Ivga.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_ZzX7.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_DSRX.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_NEbX.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-umbellatum_EnSL.jpg ; Hieracium umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-secunda_jjjq.jpg ; Myosotis secunda
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_rbOa.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_Vzch.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus__2Xk.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_0yS-.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_7TNs.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_UDPg.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_W8OT.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_hYAL.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-lanceolatum_wliq.jpg ; Epilobium lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_hI6q.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_PAFz.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_BvFs.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_Hgcf.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_FFKm.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_meJm.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_-Nbi.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_A6pD.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_uciL.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-lanceolatum_KnXy.jpg ; Epilobium lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_dbCE.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_sDH1.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_yPcw.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-minuta-arrecta_z6Ko.jpg ; Melica minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_RrM1.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_whrK.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_bnG2.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_5G3e.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_l_gn.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_3Esb.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_MFvB.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_fDE3.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ursinum-ursinum_7umB.jpg ; Allium ursinum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_L43H.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_8l3g.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_Wo1m.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_WDx6.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_8sl-.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_QdTg.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_ayz7.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_hGn7.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_Rkmp.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_L18f.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_GmvJ.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-serotinus_HdlS.jpg ; Narcissus serotinus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_bSEb.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_2Vw3.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_iSVC.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_dIL8.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_Jvp1.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-neglecta_Si6Z.jpg ; Stellaria neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-maura_kFVN.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus__0sP.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_ece9.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_MVlx.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_Bq40.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_exZ9.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_ltxj.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_leqA.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_M5L5.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_fZai.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_UlAy.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_No__.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_aWaf.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_4FN4.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_GEaC.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_j6I0.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_I-g0.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_LefI.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_lhbf.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_72Sh.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_TW1Y.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_P0UC.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_nl6d.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_MgZb.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_yiNg.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_bqj8.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_6ibC.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_S4ev.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_U_67.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_hhjV.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_f5I6.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_TpZO.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_c0n4.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_R_gT.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_ko7Y.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_95Op.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_b4qj.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_Qdrz.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-spiralis_4nac.jpg ; Spiranthes spiralis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_78He.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_2bXv.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_N_FB.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-faya_3QcJ.jpg ; Myrica faya
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_dCMx.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_bvM7.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_4Zk8.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-chamaepitys_XmAB.jpg ; Ajuga chamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_r5mo.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_Hs9g.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-laureola_LdxM.jpg ; Daphne laureola
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_lsC5.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_3GqE.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_kUxZ.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_9nM4.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_hKpw.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_SGpP.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-soda_A5PM.jpg ; Salsola soda
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_bMwi.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_eoFs.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_SW7y.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_inbd.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-hirsuta-hirsuta_6OYj.jpg ; Asperula hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_Ez10.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_M9yl.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_zdap.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_lapt.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_ieRM.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_0od-.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_qI4h.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_yyig.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_ZwkU.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_Qkkl.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_cqvP.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_gq0r.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_dMTa.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_B6GU.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_Z94i.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_A-bH.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_ogEg.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_1w8q.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_27ja.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_syjO.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_hfy2.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_fKoi.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_YFcJ.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_7ohA.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_GG1P.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_FW5k.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_QJvr.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-pyramidalis-meonantha_95m4.jpg ; Ajuga pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_yvCB.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_pjua.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_fduO.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_RPlC.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_Pl0Q.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_3QF6.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Glechoma-hederacea_bnYd.jpg ; Glechoma hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_YibW.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_UTVf.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_nSt6.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_o5lD.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_jR2s.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_CrLP.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_SYHV.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_b9X4.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_vQt5.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_5dWi.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_6XmN.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_Zboz.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_fQsK.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_qWjz.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_J2eX.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-nigra_lxeb.jpg ; Carex nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_IOzP.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Anagyris-foetida_EW0W.jpg ; Anagyris foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_1BoE.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-angulatus_9WQ7.jpg ; Senecio angulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_qTD8.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_h4YB.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylis-glomerata-glomerata_F5-b.jpg ; Dactylis glomerata
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_Yyu1.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_J3s8.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_g0N8.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_ZmqA.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_eHDm.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_FS5c.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_eviG.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_OnZf.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_hydu.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_NV92.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_0vRz.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_dFGY.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_8Z7b.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_zm1t.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_bCo6.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_nboR.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_HwQm.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_CTdK.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi__TeQ.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura_GUkL.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-triuncialis_-Jye.jpg ; Aegilops triuncialis
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-aviculare_gp-p.jpg ; Polygonum aviculare
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_gG7i.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_yyXD.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-uniflora_r0Dz.jpg ; Melica uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_gJCU.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_jP9l.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-luteola_MxqF.jpg ; Reseda luteola
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_95zn.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_mc0H.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_JwGm.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_151l.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_itFh.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_GlyI.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_dyE-.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_CAP5.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_XWmz.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_DBht.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_QvvN.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_NhPr.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_gSaf.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_UzG8.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_GZqa.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_i08q.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_biW7.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_I28o.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_4RDo.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_IdXa.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_zkQ2.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_nOm_.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_JCua.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-fuscus_Tb_F.jpg ; Cyperus fuscus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-vineale_Nike.jpg ; Allium vineale
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_LEWZ.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_iSGK.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_wuGM.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_IG3d.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_FmcP.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_xEgR.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-holostea_JA4H.jpg ; Stellaria holostea
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_Pa1B.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_7BeJ.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule__iRb.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_URNu.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_TBJE.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_4d82.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_-6ej.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_tzA4.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_Rh_d.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_vblR.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_HSPI.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_234S.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_H3sI.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_yaL9.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_lK6L.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_maaR.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_SVLf.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_TBBy.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_ktmP.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-intertexta_s1A8.jpg ; Medicago intertexta
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_TUh9.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_84mQ.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_NXcK.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_HJ3q.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_RtoJ.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_ej5t.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_t_xh.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-afra-afra_iM4z.jpg ; Plantago afra
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_3McL.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_6fhZ.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_s5k8.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_P10V.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_b_6k.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_1Dh4.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_Wn82.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_7qcu.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_tqJr.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_uE0t.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_cg7h.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_EkoV.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-faginea_A_-F.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_0Ird.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_LQh_.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-halepensis_rvOn.jpg ; Pinus halepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-echinata_yypN.jpg ; Carex echinata
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_WxmS.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_qOQL.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_kddE.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_cNhD.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_NAKs.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_Iofr.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_QUXK.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe__aO5.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_gG-a.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_BLI9.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_V0Zf.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_2jsk.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_X7NV.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_cyza.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_A6eW.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_XqWZ.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_6zSy.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_pK26.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_Q5dT.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_ZL-A.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_pzRP.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_nkB5.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_7w-t.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_I7NE.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_uAi7.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Exaculum-pusillum_5Cu1.jpg ; Exaculum pusillum
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_dcOC.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-officinale_3GeL.jpg ; Sisymbrium officinale
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-aquatica_DTPY.jpg ; Mentha aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_R2Ef.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_fTmy.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_3cdg.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_5m2g.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_gxz2.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_Aqj6.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_oQtD.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_VBLR.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_POJC.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis_6U25.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_2gAF.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_q5uP.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_niSr.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_jzAH.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_28im.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_STrK.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_TdGg.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_f1IJ.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_lPsH.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_hkcZ.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_5ive.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_Xhep.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_KKD_.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_xUjh.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_G63L.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_6IQ8.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_9-JW.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_HRSi.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_t7ui.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-phyteuma_TtqH.jpg ; Reseda phyteuma
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_hg1c.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_65g8.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_sLld.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_vir5.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_NEbz.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_27XE.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_Nnr4.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_iwAT.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_blwA.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_77t9.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_ymFw.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_bqMO.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_ba-T.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_WRiJ.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_otdU.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis__zxd.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_5hpn.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_hy2P.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_RFPJ.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_3-dZ.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_o5aj.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_XwMn.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_J1RL.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_AaKi.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_5583.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_DPrK.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_cxgO.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-echinata_blON.jpg ; Carex echinata
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_HY14.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_u1Uy.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_-6hO.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_njsE.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_SLlY.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_baGY.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_Hr0h.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_H9eO.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_aLNv.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_o5FC.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-nemoralis_WYyd.jpg ; Poa nemoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_IEQt.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_vSAD.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_HO5B.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_WVBj.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_5bkx.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_E18B.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_-fPQ.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-dubium_Mkdd.jpg ; Trifolium dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_Qetg.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_6FEv.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_7bKF.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_CIgu.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_i4c2.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_tXjN.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_2BWn.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_LwQ9.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_X3BO.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_EgWz.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scorodonia_oRG4.jpg ; Teucrium scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_xyhd.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_LMV0.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis_IyGK.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_Llfi.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_Offv.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_7H2Q.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_s9EF.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_eE8Y.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_y5cM.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_Tv2q.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_S4pN.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_a84V.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-subvillosum_JzyV.jpg ; Allium subvillosum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-polita_xSpM.jpg ; Veronica polita
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_9t_i.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_TFCC.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_MRtZ.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_ZqQ0.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_ktf4.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_hYFb.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_w_I5.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_HIrm.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_cECQ.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_ueZH.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-runcinatum_GKjy.jpg ; Sisymbrium runcinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_UZBm.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-hispidus-bourgaeanus_5qsd.jpg ; Leontodon hispidus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_hOmd.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_w2-R.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_UJdn.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Staehelina-dubia_Ih_T.jpg ; Staehelina dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_20gV.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_7eXd.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_MZXL.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_6P3f.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_63HO.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_pHy7.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_y8Fu.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_bQ-3.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_vH4j.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_2v4I.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_CDyD.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_7fI5.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_lfJN.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_myNC.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Ulmus-minor_JA5a.jpg ; Ulmus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-nemorum_9dja.jpg ; Lysimachia nemorum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_A0gJ.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_siPt.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_XU_a.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_rzcP.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_1w3d.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_-7Bd.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_vv8p.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_pVvF.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_L5CG.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_84Db.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_bzKK.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_cs8c.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_7N4W.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_BFnK.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_4Lno.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-muricatus_vfpL.jpg ; Ranunculus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_40D6.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima_YXGz.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_JgTI.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-anglica_uc5Q.jpg ; Potentilla anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrangea-macrophylla_w4c-.jpg ; Hydrangea macrophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_Qz9b.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_PHi3.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_KVtT.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_9c6Z.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_Gif9.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_gdu1.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii_yJCp.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_Y4NB.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_1lUR.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_wVLV.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_Kp48.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_gSBL.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_EXX8.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-perennis_yCmz.jpg ; Bellis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_Lerc.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_F6XH.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_l1YA.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_vWAz.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_xT0p.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_S6DH.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_KFso.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_hWgR.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_pleg.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_zYuL.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_Nb9l.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_IWso.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_kWzL.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_kAJX.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_1mCJ.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_skQj.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_wyfq.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_RK_b.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_u1Fo.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Tamarix-africana_4AgQ.jpg ; Tamarix africana
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-acanthium-acanthium_jM-a.jpg ; Onopordum acanthium
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_ooev.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_T7B1.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_emG1.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_RokB.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_QEW9.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_4GEz.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_vYt-.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_Hc2k.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_Y84-.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_KRQb.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_06Bb.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_CiH_.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-vulgaris_EX7D.jpg ; Senecio vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_s25k.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_JsqP.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_1ztv.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_7nPt.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_JFDj.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_xUAM.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_bC4O.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_XUnH.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_5YqD.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_hS9X.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_raeJ.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_5dW9.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_YMGI.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_W4EO.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_EVAa.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_1072.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_Ffuv.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_iTpu.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_PnJ9.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_hlnp.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_iSnC.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_crsf.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_P84-.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_Pdvh.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_GLSp.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_74bO.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Eragrostis-minor_DFCj.jpg ; Eragrostis minor
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_imQ-.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_YAHe.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_0qpr.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Anthericum-liliago_Tfvi.jpg ; Anthericum liliago
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_x_js.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_5w5T.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_l2x3.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_QYCy.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_qvJj.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_x8iu.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_4oxk.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_wu4y.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-lusitanica-lusitanica_10wa.jpg ; Prunus lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_oYnF.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_EF7b.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_QoIZ.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_Ufly.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_Mh91.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_Nikh.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_eXq1.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_2m4S.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_jO2X.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_t5ve.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_pXDO.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_a0uK.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-phyteuma_yll0.jpg ; Reseda phyteuma
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_9D6t.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bufonius_Laqv.jpg ; Juncus bufonius
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_Mfji.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_d4fg.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_aW7A.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_fWgi.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_qn9h.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_1wR6.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-reptans_tbps.jpg ; Ajuga reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_fYGI.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_maos.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_QI6p.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_eDQw.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens__oGt.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_5dod.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_J8De.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-montana_5APZ.jpg ; Valeriana montana
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_737a.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_8vrs.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-scabrum_8lI3.jpg ; Trifolium scabrum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ursinum-ursinum_tUen.jpg ; Allium ursinum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_axz3.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_uQ3v.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_RSjo.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_RSWS.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-sceleratus_yfDO.jpg ; Ranunculus sceleratus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_fNAT.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_vd8I.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_a9_2.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_yMPg.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_EiO1.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_bTCm.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_2EG8.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_jLxl.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_X9bY.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_qenP.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_uHW_.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_Nsr1.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_ZNak.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_neI4.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_JwBc.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_0G2w.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_AdXN.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_cDfb.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_ppyU.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_2Pr3.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_hKya.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_OeN6.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_HaFW.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_qrSC.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_5wnV.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_MO_u.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_DD8g.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_Jtos.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_pJt6.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_xah_.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_j_Xy.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_VlA_.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_RqOo.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_TG9y.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_uWRo.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Gennaria-diphylla_lCNA.jpg ; Gennaria diphylla
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_RE1G.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_c2ol.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_iLNa.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-clavatus_gQXe.jpg ; Anacyclus clavatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_lWj1.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_Nh8E.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_xDY0.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_XttO.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-umbellatum_vmni.jpg ; Hieracium umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_UCnd.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_fVrK.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_HRwm.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_4BuO.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_o-uC.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_evDY.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_w_GD.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_RURN.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_Jc2V.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus_aVB5.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_uv2k.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_p1dU.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-salicina-aspera_tH5p.jpg ; Inula salicina
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_3-JR.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_aSCy.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_Sj9Z.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_CEpz.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_n78A.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-romana_Z6Yf.jpg ; Sideritis romana
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_VXSb.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_WFhz.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_4xd_.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_Gg1P.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_6TjG.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_E92I.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_G2uv.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_wmyt.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_FXUS.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_lieG.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_KnpU.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_YsjG.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_-LL0.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_JJ_i.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_S9po.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_8NIE.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_76hx.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_T_v7.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_3f6J.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_6qP0.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_Waar.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_JsdZ.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_nQOD.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_Xxtd.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_N7nu.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_UvY8.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_50xE.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_NjKN.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_vc72.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_ixk9.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_qKY6.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_uL4_.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_Xj81.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_LH0y.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_kATp.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_8YYt.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_Bqej.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_Hlwa.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_RuP2.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea_bcQ9.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_tVm4.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_6tHr.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_kiRY.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_3Dt7.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-monspeliaca__qN5.jpg ; Polygala monspeliaca
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_bHl0.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_W-9p.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_kOt7.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_PcGr.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_OuoJ.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_H3Gt.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_g53c.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-hirsuta-hirsuta_Ej-W.jpg ; Asperula hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_pAQn.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_19HX.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-procera_RRC6.jpg ; Agrimonia procera
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_PI6v.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_dA6R.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_I6k3.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_sydz.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_d3kv.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scorodonia_3qgr.jpg ; Teucrium scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-periclymenum_w-Sg.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_vBxX.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_EMlv.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_iC7C.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_0sBy.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_BQSp.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_w3by.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_XIPw.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_tkbT.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-aquatica_2tk3.jpg ; Mentha aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_8Vp_.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_Kv-o.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_BTYZ.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-hirsutus_CIMF.jpg ; Lathyrus hirsutus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_xXrD.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-saxatile_GTEV.jpg ; Galium saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_el0E.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Koeleria-vallesiana-vallesiana_QN5R.jpg ; Koeleria vallesiana
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_uH1V.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_W1oo.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_dlo0.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_ChB5.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_tnEo.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_P-7S.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_b3Fb.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-effusus-effusus_TykF.jpg ; Juncus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_7SSW.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-dyris_CRjy.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_pdTz.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_w49N.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_Z231.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_j4pf.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_8a7r.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_Rzcn.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_WzO8.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_XGGv.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_Knoc.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_re3Q.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_fOHN.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_spTK.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_aCtc.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-dilatata_uazt.jpg ; Dryopteris dilatata
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_AnJb.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_9e0h.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_8TNQ.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-striatum_ra5a.jpg ; Trifolium striatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_0J7B.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_EPFa.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_J9A4.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_P7IJ.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_0zno.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_Z1NH.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_inC8.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_AK0x.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_e_DK.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-latifolia_r4LK.jpg ; Sorbus latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_jF7G.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_gWsc.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_s6PT.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_brMl.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-vulgare_88G2.jpg ; Polypodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_ACWO.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_eQrm.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla__B6-.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_8iWt.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_-5q_.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_Ie9-.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_2KRt.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_l9sq.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_0mlz.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_JjFv.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_js_c.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_Ejp5.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_7sXo.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_vMuz.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_m3-0.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_eksQ.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_ITkk.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_0SZb.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_VCj-.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_xlBl.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_Omkz.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_YyNX.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper__xvc.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_EzJg.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_RikL.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_Yi5M.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_f5sc.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-portensis_mY92.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_aJcD.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_S_AJ.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_ersP.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea_lqNm.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_UMbK.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_M3_p.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_kT61.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_Nl0s.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_b6iH.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_I2-j.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_MCwd.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_ktz-.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_9Umt.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_eFIY.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_rMwS.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_4Y4a.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Moricandia-arvensis_C15S.jpg ; Moricandia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_WJ96.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_LN7L.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_UC_u.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_k_7h.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_tKhL.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_R_RB.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-perennis_m-iJ.jpg ; Bellis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_66Ak.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_JFyo.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_icNl.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-suaveolens_VDR7.jpg ; Mentha suaveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense__B4i.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_-0fw.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_q4Kn.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_tUkv.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_DhDz.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_yYRx.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_-x9b.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_PWE6.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-sepium_I_xe.jpg ; Vicia sepium
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-hirsutum_F0z0.jpg ; Epilobium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis__KxW.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_cCEq.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_7yPG.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_pMRZ.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_DZ9E.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_DHay.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_RDpZ.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva__Zze.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_bMUy.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_4AnY.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_PFJN.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_fEjY.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_2EHJ.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_DdaK.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_PJy9.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_p7iH.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_rcXx.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_Fyy1.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-palustris_9lzq.jpg ; Eleocharis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_3w2N.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_jOqf.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_CBqT.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_2Ox1.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_Wilp.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-faya_mhVU.jpg ; Myrica faya
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_MzLZ.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_R37r.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_5jd_.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_48gQ.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_6g24.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-sulcata_u669.jpg ; Euphorbia sulcata
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_ex0I.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_u1-l.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_CTfW.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_QUCe.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_CHcy.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_4Clm.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_Nc8K.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_nSjR.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_QjDA.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_ooYL.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_KEzn.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_-9v5.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_NYEM.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-emersum-emersum_dcSL.jpg ; Sparganium emersum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_zJ2c.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_UVJV.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_jcpj.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_8zwZ.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_rGXz.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_9mEa.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_4ocH.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_F2iG.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_sSwF.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_s0ul.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_5idy.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_QxDs.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_I8ha.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_bVEa.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_Wuou.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_JQpI.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_14No.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_AL7R.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_RCmn.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_i8ua.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_S0No.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_BoG1.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_-Try.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_HQT7.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_r9MJ.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_Tylj.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_a4Rn.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_ObKr.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_Nl_f.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_Yqdm.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_1jNv.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_vlRL.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_NAqW.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_6voG.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_FpMr.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_YHgj.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_DPOi.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_QQie.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_j3J8.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_CRbI.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_jRoz.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_S2Is.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_95un.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_jIBS.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_rcFr.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_R0Sf.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_Lo37.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-aviculare_eivN.jpg ; Polygonum aviculare
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_GXMV.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_wr7_.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_tBXJ.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_cy3K.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-salicina-aspera_NdOc.jpg ; Inula salicina
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_qCFn.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_xiD7.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_efFg.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_Rn4Q.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_1Yst.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa_BtyY.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_b7Ez.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_gL95.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_7qqU.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_ZHOU.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_Lfrs.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_lQ2s.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_8wRX.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_RsjD.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_73dO.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_VbMP.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_e-8q.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_xxyP.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_tTYQ.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_b9Pt.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_2acT.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_oVLH.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_WnOE.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_FT_v.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_3Tp8.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_AkSW.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_oB7q.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_2Lfi.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_F-Ml.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_5inq.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa_65Mc.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_b1RM.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_jZ-p.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_LU4T.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_rxns.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_kjQN.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_UNVM.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_B7j9.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_0ipI.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_c37F.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_cuR2.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_PPR5.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_TxQy.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_q1Iq.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_2g2t.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_5gdA.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_PZhW.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_nAbQ.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_9xrw.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_PvKo.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_OVb1.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_YPPW.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_wQSi.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_mQZh.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_BfSl.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_n2rD.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_hMSI.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_5rQi.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_hFqi.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_YSMd.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_XYct.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_eerY.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_C6lb.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_jsSX.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_6iwO.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_A7uP.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-monspeliensis_k5_G.jpg ; Polypogon monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_yidx.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_0mgb.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_Dh0r.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_B-CB.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_ePOe.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_ocZ6.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_5MUj.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_VFhp.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Antinoria-agrostidea_HJ42.jpg ; Antinoria agrostidea
http://flora-on.pt/Gennaria-diphylla_f6Jy.jpg ; Gennaria diphylla
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_e5EF.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_os5C.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_6A8_.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_5rpI.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_RsC-.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-lineatus_5yuY.jpg ; Convolvulus lineatus
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_c7K4.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_k0pD.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-hederae_4Q0u.jpg ; Orobanche hederae
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_BLEq.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_XOA-.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_oZVQ.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_SbU9.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_wFCW.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus_UD2R.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_047X.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_y7EY.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_lqIq.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_E6Ep.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_GgtG.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_tfR8.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_L6Xq.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ursinum-ursinum_Emqu.jpg ; Allium ursinum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_fr3z.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_-wQE.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_6oDI.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_7Gbi.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_KHxH.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris_zOEi.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_Vzcs.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_knye.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_KJ0n.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_KM2b.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_awdJ.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-foetidum_stPq.jpg ; Helichrysum foetidum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_HpbG.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_6KWd.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_N8DX.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_FJo0.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_1TNo.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_PF_0.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_Mcnk.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_pdGt.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_nn0G.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_guxg.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_TsCl.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_42K0.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-maritimus_rtzy.jpg ; Juncus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_pUnd.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_20GS.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_lFRz.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_HVk7.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_H3lp.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_XhAc.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-anagalloides-anagalloides_zWkg.jpg ; Veronica anagalloides
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_-gL3.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_N6oW.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_FeIz.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_QH11.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-esculentus_TFXj.jpg ; Cyperus esculentus
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_5MfY.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula_YuiK.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_DE9Z.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_vIkM.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_ldYA.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_wU1r.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_JehB.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_H8_C.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_lG1w.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_sZqZ.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca__zXD.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_mlJN.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_gEQB.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_MdkH.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Tamarix-africana_wg3B.jpg ; Tamarix africana
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_7RwY.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_CJze.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_PBpt.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_kmdh.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_ziQR.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_mbXv.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_VPBT.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-palustris_IGp9.jpg ; Stachys palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Xeranthemum-cylindraceum_N2iZ.jpg ; Xeranthemum cylindraceum
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_rsvS.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_Kyy7.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_xYJJ.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-neapolitanum_yTQS.jpg ; Allium neapolitanum
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-monspeliensis_KnkW.jpg ; Polypogon monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_RjLi.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_5dN_.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_ztIu.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_ook6.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_v7kV.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_MXVK.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_Q9kw.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_Dc4U.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_utjj.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_pSaf.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_R2HB.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_HFFj.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_zc9X.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_o5Al.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_4Eii.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_qPdV.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_q6KS.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_Vp84.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_PfpR.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_m3XL.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_HQm4.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_0E_H.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_9uKU.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_xxOY.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_XIzP.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-pyramidalis-meonantha_I6P8.jpg ; Ajuga pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_BHjh.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_a_EV.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_SjM6.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_4FrH.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-temulentum_0tvF.jpg ; Lolium temulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_-NSk.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_Efl8.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_t7o2.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_UOuz.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_7l2c.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_JAw6.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_qmlb.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_fr3p.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_j_P1.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_Wp9j.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_v1X1.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_JUB0.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_4Edl.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_AksQ.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_I0HM.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_Adtv.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_dcqA.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_xrPE.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_Bi8J.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_AW41.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_62Cv.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_nDCz.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_5-oT.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_CqDt.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_V61R.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_ygmj.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_BBk-.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_Y68r.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_Cy9L.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_Yc0o.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_nlfJ.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_f2I0.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_qb-T.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_LClW.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_yuLR.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_t-fu.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_rK_Y.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_NWxv.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-vineale_lDU2.jpg ; Allium vineale
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-patula_1pag.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_MHdi.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_kbRr.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_hwqK.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_MmBi.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_Q_D6.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_7iZY.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-strictiflora_tXSx.jpg ; Serapias strictiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_6yQ6.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_rbU6.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_O3t1.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_Vo1P.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_kYVt.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_5F2j.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_4XnM.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_Pv6-.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_s8Gs.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_W3F4.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_M1mB.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Glechoma-hederacea_hmrF.jpg ; Glechoma hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis__Tf6.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_rVSK.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_Elt1.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-fistulosus_YADG.jpg ; Asphodelus fistulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_8m68.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_Ikng.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_MqiY.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_bEVS.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_r_Oh.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_ONdL.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_lY8N.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-perennis_DyXB.jpg ; Bellis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_kWP_.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_27v1.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_7kTR.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii__5zX.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_F4-O.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_Vctv.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_m24w.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_htst.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-intertexta_6qVr.jpg ; Medicago intertexta
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_89eu.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_3SLh.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_NJaS.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_YtqX.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Succisa-pratensis_oXBt.jpg ; Succisa pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_5DIB.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_O_nb.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_HU_C.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_6OAj.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-caucalis_Z_Fg.jpg ; Anthriscus caucalis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_Ng4G.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus_kWiR.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_s7Bj.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_tfzW.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Celtis-australis_m3ao.jpg ; Celtis australis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_emeC.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_O8gF.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima_pLUe.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_O9st.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_hpPN.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_uKek.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_yzxy.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_Z4dj.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_S6rc.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_8TZ-.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_55IN.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_fu4W.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_L01N.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_BOUL.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_Nzck.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_sehz.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_-F_K.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_Osrk.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_CEyS.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_LKbV.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_DCDl.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_cHii.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-dissectum_88M6.jpg ; Geranium dissectum
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_lQNu.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-officinale_6J_H.jpg ; Sisymbrium officinale
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_0vuQ.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_htAt.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_Q1b_.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_ny8I.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_SVeO.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_t9Sb.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_yxxc.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-maritimum_Fmnp.jpg ; Triglochin maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_mi8_.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_8CAc.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_tMMF.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_GPr8.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_mMZZ.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_YLnx.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_OwB5.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_yk_A.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_CXjn.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-difformis-difformis_zgyJ.jpg ; Vinca difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_ZGwq.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_49-Z.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-undulatum_DVOl.jpg ; Hypericum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_8yjx.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_n2jm.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_eflV.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_Of-D.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_GITl.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_ukTJ.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_S86G.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_zRJs.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_yeQs.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_7rzr.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_pILJ.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_OodD.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-perennis_Zids.jpg ; Bellis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Koeleria-vallesiana-vallesiana_1kI2.jpg ; Koeleria vallesiana
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_D0b2.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_qhZO.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_Zl-7.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_59-Y.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_gMU1.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_kWgs.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_g7q9.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_r5bS.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_jQXT.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_slHV.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_rEAT.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_mElk.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_pCce.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_nS9_.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_gg9b.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_fd1R.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_bWad.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_Ask6.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_Ahof.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_1TRL.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Carlina-vulgaris_0fRl.jpg ; Carlina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_7kGX.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-planiflora_RfCc.jpg ; Cuscuta planiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_CpHa.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_FJbL.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_CSne.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_T6LQ.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_Q8j_.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_oK8u.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_37RX.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-denticulata_Fw_O.jpg ; Selaginella denticulata
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-pratensis_wtWe.jpg ; Gagea pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_4pLS.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_gEJR.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_yZcv.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_igI6.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_Pllf.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus__weE.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_ivLH.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_kZx1.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_nRLZ.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_RxFn.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger__ZQ_.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_YxNW.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_ZjVi.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_1iL3.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_Ho4u.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_1LMJ.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_aFJR.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_wnqD.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_aaqH.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_J-Su.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_EY0v.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_Sjh1.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_guwP.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_M83z.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-lanceolatum_XhNY.jpg ; Epilobium lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_mWuk.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_DxgM.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_pO8A.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_BqK_.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-fistulosus_Vn7Y.jpg ; Asphodelus fistulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Galeopsis-tetrahit-tetrahit_hUus.jpg ; Galeopsis tetrahit
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_6ngI.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_VbjJ.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_tR1B.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_5UVY.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_D1w8.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_wAxN.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_79k8.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_ZEVS.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_lWR9.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_I8iO.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_FEPq.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_eOw0.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_RqMC.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris_7RRl.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_3oJQ.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_IeJE.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_cAJ5.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_TpwB.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_NkWS.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_k6b_.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-montanum-peixotoanum_fK4U.jpg ; Seseli montanum
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_dVLh.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_cS55.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_LxxI.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_L5fj.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_unId.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_oZ48.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-scabrum_n4wy.jpg ; Trifolium scabrum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_R2oq.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-vineale_zaH4.jpg ; Allium vineale
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_HQ4x.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-aristatum-aristatum_ECj9.jpg ; Anthoxanthum aristatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_xfhv.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_5K9q.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_Sgyf.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_hbyi.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_e4lu.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_215-.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_GWrY.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_s1Ac.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_3FUN.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_gmq_.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_FqYu.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_DeBf.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_rTpc.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_bTTg.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_spTc.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_obMA.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_AiUr.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_c7_h.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_yEMg.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_qh-K.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_-Pat.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_EbCU.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-faya_IHWo.jpg ; Myrica faya
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_UbAe.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-galericulata_pgbz.jpg ; Scutellaria galericulata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_8L7b.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_EJY6.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-procumbens_Zm6S.jpg ; Sagina procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_a8vu.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_Ik73.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_yadW.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_a50S.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_WQqj.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_W96d.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_5a6t.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_f_MH.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_sjoT.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula_8QCT.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_WunS.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_xeux.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_5-b8.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_vAFw.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_NWhc.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_Xdzd.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_0IXB.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_G8AO.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_1jY8.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_p69z.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura_bHr5.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_t-iW.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_ppa8.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_Nsi6.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_up7H.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-neglecta_8FJX.jpg ; Aegilops neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_314O.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_uswK.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_AW_q.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-perennis_RHMS.jpg ; Bellis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-halepensis_sRWc.jpg ; Pinus halepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_DzPM.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_pho8.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_0Gev.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_fmfo.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_9vlw.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_FHGL.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Phytolacca-americana_El_6.jpg ; Phytolacca americana
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_hLel.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_RsVi.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_Z6hI.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_2tl4.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_qbNC.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_Dm9M.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_aqVS.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_DTM1.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_9S2Y.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_Fwmp.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_XtYc.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_cAPY.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_KMwh.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_CZLO.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa_zHSJ.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_RZXu.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_jIQv.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_zd4g.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-nemoralis_DtVH.jpg ; Poa nemoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_BU0Z.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_amq2.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_3cYJ.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-septentrionale-septentrionale_h9Tt.jpg ; Asplenium septentrionale
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_R3_d.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_4JGp.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_dWYT.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_jTdF.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_1L4a.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-striatum_bNGv.jpg ; Trifolium striatum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_jAsP.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_8hVs.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrangea-macrophylla_vnq-.jpg ; Hydrangea macrophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima_7fTp.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_7wJA.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_2xUe.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_Ltgu.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_Oy-u.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_KyLy.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_IFnF.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-glycyphyllos_z4XD.jpg ; Astragalus glycyphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-insularis_Rma_.jpg ; Dactylorhiza insularis
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_lxCS.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_E8ci.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_TJNz.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_SpUS.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-armeria-armeria_NjXk.jpg ; Dianthus armeria
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_pZd_.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_RmnW.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_WB1V.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_F9Pe.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_P_U3.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-picta_ee-z.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_7kY9.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris_vrwV.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-telonensis_tUxH.jpg ; Adenocarpus telonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea__ryt.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_gtcT.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-paludosus_S2PL.jpg ; Ranunculus paludosus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_MauO.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_05B5.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_YFfl.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_F1FX.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_KUJr.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_vkoZ.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_z54g.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_4ur0.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_mZZe.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_4acQ.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-oreades_QV4r.jpg ; Dryopteris oreades
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_LUtl.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_A12q.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_Skzj.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_5Cbe.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_DzXf.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_yCZp.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_haDa.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_fVen.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_lNI-.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_VmqZ.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Pittosporum-undulatum_pc3Z.jpg ; Pittosporum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_7Moo.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_iixr.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_9UD9.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_Lp15.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_sz33.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_BsW3.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_Cj-A.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_xfy1.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_0U5D.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Ulmus-minor_919Z.jpg ; Ulmus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_wS5A.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_MVRY.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratophyllum-demersum_U44c.jpg ; Ceratophyllum demersum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_xSvi.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_nGd6.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_nvzB.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_7qdp.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_OwBo.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_ZppM.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Danthonia-decumbens_l9aS.jpg ; Danthonia decumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_Hiuw.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-odoratum_N6RT.jpg ; Anthoxanthum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_Iy8_.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_dIah.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_Sx54.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_zZrd.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_bqgq.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-thapsus_0hz4.jpg ; Verbascum thapsus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-diffusa_TDXK.jpg ; Ononis diffusa
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_Tv9q.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_GThS.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_AFu8.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_Aig5.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_jqa0.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_s3Yh.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_UznI.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_WQmd.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-hirundinaria_lo5y.jpg ; Vincetoxicum hirundinaria
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_p_vk.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_qI_6.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_lnhf.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_ti9L.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_ht8N.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_JN-M.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_Qgo3.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_q4zP.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_46gA.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_POYq.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_pWhg.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-rugosum_AfjO.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_irNQ.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_RfpN.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_4809.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_xi1v.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_Yo3H.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_2pxn.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_YZrX.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_qQ0a.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_fDHz.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-striatum_X0Q_.jpg ; Trifolium striatum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_aH2l.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_BGRp.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_FmCB.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Staehelina-dubia_0kI4.jpg ; Staehelina dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_MQQC.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_Jq1O.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-neglecta_dlll.jpg ; Malva neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_CGqq.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_xOOD.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_dKRe.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_VYkw.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_AM-p.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_9jFI.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_hWkR.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_ikFP.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-incarnatum_yqet.jpg ; Trifolium incarnatum
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis_Q50r.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_h6kk.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_3t5v.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_IblC.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_etus.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_J_yJ.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_Nkf8.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_l-aG.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_C9kZ.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_FihD.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_bDsl.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_TmiB.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_Xbhf.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_QI1r.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_XUDS.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_O5Kl.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_RC7C.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis_E8vL.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_pNIf.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-odoratus_4Mkr.jpg ; Lathyrus odoratus
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_WMEk.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_u2u1.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_ta3t.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-afra-afra_Ncq-.jpg ; Plantago afra
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_sAux.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_UEqM.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_LUIc.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_62zE.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_NvqP.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-aucuparia_kRWY.jpg ; Sorbus aucuparia
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_vkuW.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_sZeI.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_UMfq.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_fxiE.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-procera_r-8V.jpg ; Agrimonia procera
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_C0hb.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_5gS1.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_kDkU.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_d0zU.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_oQlv.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_b327.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_N9FD.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_MalY.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_f5As.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_amrp.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_zdE_.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_GpLX.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_EwKE.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_YdN5.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_KXt0.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_58BV.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_mJZM.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_myHr.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_PiEZ.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_nvde.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_FrPa.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Arabidopsis-thaliana-thaliana_Qot8.jpg ; Arabidopsis thaliana
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-ageratum_c5mx.jpg ; Achillea ageratum
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_ohSM.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_lCFH.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_tfwh.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-difformis-difformis_VZ89.jpg ; Vinca difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_NAJm.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_UzT1.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_n0a8.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_TN7k.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_btnM.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_NveD.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_EC4v.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_70xg.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_QwUg.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca__97V.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_EXUS.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-crispus_t4bf.jpg ; Potamogeton crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_tB4X.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-secunda_SlV6.jpg ; Myosotis secunda
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_yydg.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_Br2P.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_B1YK.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_0iOZ.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_Je3y.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_nbgE.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_tu3x.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_J5Lb.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_o9OE.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_glGd.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_BJvc.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum__HtI.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_hhGr.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_zpoT.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_BNrl.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_vSNS.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_8_SZ.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_4RzE.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_dlYY.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_3ocD.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_Joo1.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_QcJA.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_ZJz3.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_9f9C.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_dg05.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_oAon.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_uSrE.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea__gxl.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_JUFx.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_j35H.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_mDHv.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_VBmh.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_fw9g.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_Ir6N.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_ajIv.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare__vSc.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_kTiJ.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_3KYI.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_uh_k.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_xDjH.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_vMtS.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_9yiX.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_oHSC.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_tSqu.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_Ph5X.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_E_3Y.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_w6i4.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_I4pP.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_s2JJ.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_LxWm.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-spiralis_O77-.jpg ; Spiranthes spiralis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_mRYF.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_lUEi.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-holostea_rDSo.jpg ; Stellaria holostea
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_ALaP.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_4cOk.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_M72B.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_mNg6.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_Ygx-.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_J8QL.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_Ms28.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_qRR0.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_udhB.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_eM6S.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa_1t6z.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_il99.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_th8F.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_dpMp.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_RQ04.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_EWy8.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-latifolia_YVXv.jpg ; Oxalis latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_du8V.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_N9zT.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_CYza.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_tHXV.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_cpZo.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_eK0f.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_kMKO.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_dQ6Z.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_ISTn.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Hordeum-murinum-leporinum_fdGG.jpg ; Hordeum murinum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_fsmc.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_JsjS.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_cCMw.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-kraussiana_iuZj.jpg ; Selaginella kraussiana
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_t3EI.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_2cAu.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_IAvj.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrocotyle-vulgaris_Ruy7.jpg ; Hydrocotyle vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_kYLG.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_wT1K.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_zfDu.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_JFU7.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_AGK0.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_bcRk.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_aGoe.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_umme.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_GrFE.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-serraria_0Hiw.jpg ; Plantago serraria
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_4ryL.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_kqQT.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_NEWl.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_eJYm.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_NEpP.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_nSDM.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_TYym.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_klr7.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_-DgW.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_mvpQ.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_f9wO.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_OD38.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_LQIs.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_tnq4.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_Dle5.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_mjwP.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_2oxK.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_aOLz.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-domingensis_EgVp.jpg ; Typha domingensis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_tex6.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_AI1s.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_VZE9.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_MoxS.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_i3oZ.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_emto.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_Zfn4.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_WsXR.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_kqOp.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_douM.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_aCvG.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_l2wg.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_io86.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_dci1.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_PgrN.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_6IBq.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_yZs0.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_JZBa.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_KFDz.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-dissectum_G820.jpg ; Geranium dissectum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine__YDo.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bufonius_vaOu.jpg ; Juncus bufonius
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_iNXI.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_5CkW.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_QdGn.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_3UqR.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_aQns.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-anglicum_-jo0.jpg ; Sedum anglicum
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_j8ro.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_RXt0.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_q5Xb.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_qGhA.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_8u7M.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_r3Wa.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina__afQ.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_fPvU.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_TB-9.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_ceBf.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_ARW3.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_1m1M.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_49DD.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_IG5W.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_SOMP.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_6ygq.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_MYfl.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_i6mz.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_ohZl.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-saxatile_BWb2.jpg ; Galium saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_41yd.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_VTo5.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_ATOF.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_6lNM.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_knQB.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_6N4I.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_GT4N.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_1f8A.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_6bHi.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_p-dh.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_B2j7.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_2BS6.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-romana_tgC-.jpg ; Sideritis romana
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_BRY_.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_oHW4.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_18jM.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Acanthus-mollis_sf0a.jpg ; Acanthus mollis
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_LXWn.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-interjectum_JPGs.jpg ; Polypodium interjectum
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_2c-7.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_A3Os.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_5dV5.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_HVuF.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-pratense_5uNZ.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_SBdk.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_qMAx.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_fO5c.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_69fM.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_Ltci.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis_L7ys.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_p8Mk.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_TsLC.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-difformis-difformis_JOlL.jpg ; Vinca difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_eq8F.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_a1Ab.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_fZe8.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_lmuG.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_XB2C.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_oHLZ.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_bzGF.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_kNqP.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_qvZR.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_uasX.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_pLmC.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-diffusa_s-tW.jpg ; Ononis diffusa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-odoratum_D6OL.jpg ; Anthoxanthum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_rHUu.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_547_.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_EJP0.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_Wr3L.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_SSYY.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_ABgV.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_3hTq.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_SYxN.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_g-XZ.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_lDg2.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_HZaV.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_n1eb.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_e80R.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_yfZt.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_9a8b.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_ByBf.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_4Ozf.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-supinum_FEPK.jpg ; Heliotropium supinum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_56qk.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_77_V.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_Gkli.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_uAzq.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_-0v8.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-pygmaeus_br0c.jpg ; Juncus pygmaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Gladiolus-italicus_BrU4.jpg ; Gladiolus italicus
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_5m-n.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_lMT8.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_19Ed.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-tomentosa_XQI2.jpg ; Mercurialis tomentosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_Q48L.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_5Bxu.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum__hp1.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-stellatus_SwnL.jpg ; Rhagadiolus stellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostemma-githago_nskT.jpg ; Agrostemma githago
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_Rl_L.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lanceolata_4arF.jpg ; Plantago lanceolata
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_Qigt.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_gK8A.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_YL1x.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_6A6X.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_3if5.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_zYFq.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_7d0g.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_S68F.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_5b1C.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-mahaleb_EnWn.jpg ; Prunus mahaleb
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_t3El.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-barbata-lusitanica_RM0N.jpg ; Avena barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_aOv8.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_ZOcb.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_mnYE.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-helleborine-helleborine_yc9m.jpg ; Epipactis helleborine
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-sepium_SpZK.jpg ; Vicia sepium
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_Z_np.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_t4Ev.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_FxqI.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_zWT0.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_fgPK.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_2Gdb.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_u0Tb.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_vZ3j.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_xmuk.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-insularis_4Xii.jpg ; Dactylorhiza insularis
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_mu7f.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_-DcU.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_wKFw.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_8k-o.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_SJrJ.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-ramosissima_G-51.jpg ; Malcolmia ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_W4jx.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_CiIx.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_pjl5.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_wUAa.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_eiyS.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-septentrionale-septentrionale_JQHn.jpg ; Asplenium septentrionale
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_coic.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_9-rU.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-roseus_7c_3.jpg ; Rumex roseus
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_eU5a.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_59qS.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_AqDB.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_oMjH.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_4jRq.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_uwch.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_xsQl.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-albicans_Zs9H.jpg ; Iris albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_8fzd.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_BiMT.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_jZuY.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_5jde.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_DOoT.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_bcER.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_XwGs.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_1nce.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_pU__.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_VlFk.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_tYUa.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_vT1o.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_1_ZZ.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_J20m.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_ULVe.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_-31H.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-nodosus-nodosus_HsuW.jpg ; Potamogeton nodosus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_XK-_.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_tFwk.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata__wuE.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_ioZA.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_LWBl.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sativa-macrantha_zYM7.jpg ; Avena sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_3mz_.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_n2PR.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_s-ZQ.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_6ev2.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_1kcr.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-longus_twoQ.jpg ; Cyperus longus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_Jcba.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-clementei-clementei_zktG.jpg ; Euphorbia clementei
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_OTmu.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_VLsC.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_EjZP.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_Nmmm.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_vNab.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_uKAI.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_NUSQ.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_ujSp.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_mUBy.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Eragrostis-minor_B-JJ.jpg ; Eragrostis minor
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-thapsus_rkEe.jpg ; Verbascum thapsus
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_0ZkL.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_6Nwh.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_HXoH.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_d_dH.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_oTNt.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_AFMt.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_bf1E.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_n6eu.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scordium-scordium_Ok3H.jpg ; Teucrium scordium
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_8K7K.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_jkN0.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_1FgF.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum_Rbc9.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_OeEl.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_jcPe.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_zJ-e.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_WJKW.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_soX6.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_QFTK.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_yxKi.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-micranthus_f5my.jpg ; Lupinus micranthus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_g89V.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_g1Qy.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_wrcJ.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_i9se.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_8zKV.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_lohO.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_zTPO.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-tetraphyllum__qiF.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_L7oS.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_Eupc.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_z8IA.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_t968.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_uzvz.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_yuFL.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_UjBb.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-crispus_U1Xl.jpg ; Potamogeton crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_sceA.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_9cpl.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_eyYl.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_gAw-.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_Epas.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_9yvB.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_Yiyz.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_tJuy.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_bbCy.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_i3wG.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_uQzb.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_7mTj.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_fz4P.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_XUpt.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_W4PD.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_5Gz4.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_qsJS.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_YSYY.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-squarrosus_FI5i.jpg ; Bromus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_zJrg.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_0t76.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_tpzP.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_H34-.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_WV9M.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_2jE7.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_o0nZ.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_IdYI.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_MALY.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_lMGj.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_lgx1.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_TTJ7.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Galeopsis-tetrahit-tetrahit_p7fS.jpg ; Galeopsis tetrahit
http://flora-on.pt/Gennaria-diphylla_9mfX.jpg ; Gennaria diphylla
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_3viv.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_emXc.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_cB0R.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_v8E2.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_CD8v.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_NI1W.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_QIPJ.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_a8nG.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_cYQS.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_Xk0K.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_QdFU.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_CmhZ.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_j0dG.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_Op0H.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pusilla-pusilla_1ixi.jpg ; Ononis pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_srmL.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-runcinatum_h3Hi.jpg ; Sisymbrium runcinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_yuVr.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_JftE.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_m4Lc.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_uOGL.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_dyhi.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_nQJO.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_P0Hi.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_vvwn.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_U2hi.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_Gryy.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_OG_W.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_iS5j.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_Zs_L.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_Iuq4.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_2QN6.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_MZh0.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_rptX.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_-ktZ.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_lKnd.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_Z3D-.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_XEGW.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_c2bP.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna__TwG.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_mzJC.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_Z1kI.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_ndUp.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_OrH3.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_Yhm5.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_lYaY.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_4ey0.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_5wm-.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_6jig.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_IY3j.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_YUOT.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-laurifolius_Ape-.jpg ; Cistus laurifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_ffnS.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_cYTx.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_aSRl.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_G5j3.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_Kh1Z.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-dyris_R882.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_G4Pf.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_fyN1.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-palustris_8O87.jpg ; Eleocharis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_jkgO.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_6Hf0.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_K7lL.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_799t.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_KPZf.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_R2eR.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Prasium-majus_sh7Y.jpg ; Prasium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_IDJo.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_4lD5.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_jp14.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_jsUP.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_1ggv.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_imW8.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_bsC9.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_T3e0.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_UpZC.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_gJ2B.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_Ml34.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_hZp8.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_I1ak.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-minor_-lmM.jpg ; Briza minor
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_MCBO.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_p12r.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_VVej.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_mTQs.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_NyUD.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_Ctzw.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_gtGQ.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_PvcJ.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-maculatum_jOUB.jpg ; Lamium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Paeonia-officinalis-microcarpa__tBx.jpg ; Paeonia officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_-tki.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_t1-u.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_UPL0.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_OGr7.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_yD_g.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_mQws.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-lanceolatus_zOMJ.jpg ; Bromus lanceolatus
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_0ozS.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_6n09.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_rFIq.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Glechoma-hederacea_Piye.jpg ; Glechoma hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_19by.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_Ii4y.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_Z1oI.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_SLln.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_FKj_.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_HlWh.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_r1bu.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_LFYN.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Rhus-coriaria_tW2s.jpg ; Rhus coriaria
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-aucuparia_tVUS.jpg ; Sorbus aucuparia
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-procumbens_mGWt.jpg ; Sagina procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_7sWY.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_bjJk.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_DDPb.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra__xtr.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_cAPh.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_aV6m.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_Dw1o.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_x5n3.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_uVKT.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-latifolia_DoQM.jpg ; Oxalis latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_jYkL.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_rH0w.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_l1vu.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_rbMQ.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_IWtL.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_zS1P.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_zMTh.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_cTr3.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_pwzp.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_KRuO.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_H6W5.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_Jbts.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_T4D5.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_OxAx.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_Dchm.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_fvkU.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_HYu9.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_fRwd.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_yLxe.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_Sx6L.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_eKYq.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_LOa7.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_V-rE.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_C_N-.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_3Ill.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_gGhM.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_Tnin.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-clavatus_sMMb.jpg ; Anacyclus clavatus
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_QfUn.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_KHe3.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_Qbqh.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_Ktiv.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_6V2n.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_OZIm.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_GO3f.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-palustris_MSoL.jpg ; Eleocharis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_a48Y.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_b472.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_tfpV.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum__W4Z.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_TuyU.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_fIm_.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_NRTU.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_eL6Q.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_agja.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Phalaris-arundinacea-arundinacea_wJZZ.jpg ; Phalaris arundinacea
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_d5oi.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_BGTa.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_XYLI.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_k-Nw.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_kKCx.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_2gd9.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_QCZu.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_AO1A.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_5xjR.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_PPCk.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_OQZz.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_vdMP.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_sQOu.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-laureola_bvew.jpg ; Daphne laureola
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_YIbU.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_HBnm.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_h781.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_OoXQ.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_GPXQ.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ilex-aquifolium_CBG5.jpg ; Ilex aquifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_js_m.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Circaea-lutetiana-lutetiana_k8HF.jpg ; Circaea lutetiana
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_gIX3.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_M1pg.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_cmYT.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_nWNC.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_sBOQ.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_kR8w.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-micranthus_ro1S.jpg ; Lupinus micranthus
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_eFTK.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_BWk4.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_GkqA.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_mcvB.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_4-7j.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_rOE1.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_kof1.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_3ih7.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_zjpt.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_NUEs.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_E3gU.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_Yyd5.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_5_iM.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_Af3W.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_IMM6.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_wGmK.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_WPid.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_E7rg.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_ij-b.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-uniflora_pJdd.jpg ; Melica uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_BE2p.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_qrhu.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_YKmp.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-oreades_ziGJ.jpg ; Dryopteris oreades
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_Xoxo.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Phytolacca-americana_SK2D.jpg ; Phytolacca americana
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_u6rQ.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_k8qE.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_RAEk.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_bija.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_ltN5.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Xeranthemum-cylindraceum_0WTL.jpg ; Xeranthemum cylindraceum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_0jCu.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_XMRi.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_-Ij9.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_X8tR.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_5vNx.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_OFgv.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_a7Wb.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_kd6N.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_2G2Q.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_7CEh.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-sampaioana_eNG8.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_rMRF.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_EdkD.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_hLBV.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_jrcI.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_BeHn.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_UdWF.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_8HYl.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_yK5P.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_3qEX.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_OCqc.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_CLll.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_WgL5.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_Ws4d.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_xLYm.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_x628.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_qBpA.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_eguD.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_L0YD.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_fjqc.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_inw2.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_2ZR1.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_y9QF.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_SeYo.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-lanceolatus_CHns.jpg ; Bromus lanceolatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_uUU5.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_mrq-.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_hZ9T.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_Be5b.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_g5nC.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_dGOR.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_ytN2.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_xIkG.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_lhr_.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_cKBK.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_jzAi.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_A1lc.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_i7dF.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_teGv.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_QKgW.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_y0V4.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bufonius_oCgm.jpg ; Juncus bufonius
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-sceleratus_rq9h.jpg ; Ranunculus sceleratus
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia__U95.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_C1rY.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_XlkM.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_enFr.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-insularis_U6RX.jpg ; Dactylorhiza insularis
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_5Fdz.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_yUmm.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_Q-EU.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_JtF7.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_p0WD.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_i4dH.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-hispidus-bourgaeanus_qo78.jpg ; Leontodon hispidus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_NKar.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphoides-peltata_GB_x.jpg ; Nymphoides peltata
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-crystallinum_D0il.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum crystallinum
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_Cbil.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_mwgj.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_Gw6L.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_2x40.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_7aey.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_gge5.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_Ffgq.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_RFlv.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-serpyllifolium-lusitanicum_pJ5l.jpg ; Alyssum serpyllifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_NbQs.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea__53C.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_mETk.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_fxq-.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_77Li.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_Cm1c.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-planiflora_uH_I.jpg ; Cuscuta planiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_wjSG.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_lSKi.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_3sb7.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_S0bJ.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_fXtf.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_vme_.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_t9gt.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-domingensis_YuBa.jpg ; Typha domingensis
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-affinis-affinis_l9jq.jpg ; Dryopteris affinis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-terracina_xOyT.jpg ; Euphorbia terracina
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-cinerea_HfKq.jpg ; Erica cinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_dLsN.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_zbsb.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima_GizQ.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Bidens-frondosa_5_8o.jpg ; Bidens frondosa
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_Efnu.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_0xyc.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Acanthus-mollis_yVtL.jpg ; Acanthus mollis
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_bDUX.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_annY.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_KXtl.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_3bZQ.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_9Pjj.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_P0Ck.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_FBcq.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_OpUK.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-pygmaeus_KmJ9.jpg ; Juncus pygmaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_PT5-.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_PzBy.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_vXC5.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_7iA1.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_J_n5.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_U_2l.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_u7UH.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Malus-sylvestris_QcuI.jpg ; Malus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-roseum_HuUO.jpg ; Allium roseum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_fZaz.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_GPht.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-viridis_qKRv.jpg ; Salvia viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_e1j_.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-tomentosa_sWu5.jpg ; Mercurialis tomentosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_wWXx.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-dyris_IrQF.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea__sZe.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_CBGp.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_m5vf.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_4uvC.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_BxEX.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_zuGG.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_0lDz.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_b8-m.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_XoAJ.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_iEB9.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_vy9B.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_WwiN.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_L-VI.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Disphyma-crassifolium_FxQG.jpg ; Disphyma crassifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_6Veo.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_JFyH.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_yfNB.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_32NJ.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_BH1j.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_71_P.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-caerulescens-caerulescens_AnjM.jpg ; Artemisia caerulescens
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_bODT.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_y9UT.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_UlhG.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-perennis_4cji.jpg ; Bellis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_Rj3G.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_BoGr.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_jWZu.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_a_5u.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_n2C5.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_aJOq.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_PcJU.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_Hu9I.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_nBbe.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_eKdg.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_LQkD.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-pyrenaicum-lusitanicum_NIDm.jpg ; Geranium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_GoE8.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_mI6x.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_TZiU.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_vmDf.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_5_y5.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Leersia-oryzoides_WkU5.jpg ; Leersia oryzoides
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_tYI9.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_S7RX.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_Ylbw.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_XWjj.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-stellatum_Pmvq.jpg ; Trifolium stellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_55yr.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_Jrzr.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_gSpO.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_sO38.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_5tun.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_C5da.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_qUnO.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_AIuI.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_V97g.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_OIh1.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_Zhix.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_RSmY.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_5hzZ.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_UyGY.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_RmWO.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-lutea_FsQE.jpg ; Ophrys lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_b009.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_xJrp.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_f71b.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_3nd0.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_9REk.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-galericulata_HddG.jpg ; Scutellaria galericulata
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_Y9SE.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_fuYh.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_he-t.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_b4UN.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-pulchrum_-I36.jpg ; Hypericum pulchrum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_gvna.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_h05k.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_jKad.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_gLal.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_e54y.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_KKDo.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_3EOm.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_VFVt.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_aMtY.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_XBYn.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_dsGf.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_j3z4.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_P-IQ.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_LBLa.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_Btrr.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_XBeM.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_Naab.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-latifolia_ttVT.jpg ; Typha latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_0kYT.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_sg5N.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_Ei5t.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_iTQE.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_qR__.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_flLD.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_E784.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_lBdX.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_k-yW.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_cuni.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_O5eK.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Gennaria-diphylla_X5gV.jpg ; Gennaria diphylla
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_crXi.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-obtusifolius_i9ot.jpg ; Rumex obtusifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_FxSQ.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_1X5J.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_pTkq.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_HKz6.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_B7Rm.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_gpWI.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_XW2y.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_y4RQ.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-roseum_AhCh.jpg ; Allium roseum
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_H4R9.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_z1BI.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_8mUV.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_5ItB.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_QoW3.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-alpina_ili-.jpg ; Plantago alpina
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_i4iW.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_3Zva.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_al_v.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_E_r6.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_77Xz.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_d_X8.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_zNZM.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_8hvW.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-sanguineum_7bBn.jpg ; Geranium sanguineum
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_skck.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_rHAg.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-mahaleb_8JFu.jpg ; Prunus mahaleb
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_AAA_.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-pratensis_SPjy.jpg ; Gagea pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-iva_HqYR.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_mMXR.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_RLxG.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_pICz.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_lmZi.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-hyssopifolia_4EJr.jpg ; Lythrum hyssopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_0onB.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_9d6m.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_8Ueo.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-cinerea_2mQA.jpg ; Erica cinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_3B6O.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_byYD.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_-HEz.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_GiOl.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_zzDY.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_V_bG.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-pycnocephalus_LKvd.jpg ; Carduus pycnocephalus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_nOCr.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_YrKI.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica__DFV.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_nOik.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_6j5F.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_Wml7.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_Y1ex.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_3sK_.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_edcN.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_Jo1W.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_K0PU.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Tradescantia-fluminensis_GOKK.jpg ; Tradescantia fluminensis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_XFfN.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_hYSu.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_rhZ5.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_Evhh.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_hMyM.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_xTjy.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_udlD.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_pbR2.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_btCA.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_qxQe.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_BP1T.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_RZWG.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Pyrus-cordata_JXu6.jpg ; Pyrus cordata
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_y9rb.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-hispidus-bourgaeanus_CmE4.jpg ; Leontodon hispidus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_2Vcp.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_Lauw.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_7ylq.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_fTG5.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_wy9M.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Exaculum-pusillum_moGo.jpg ; Exaculum pusillum
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_YHr9.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_loLj.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_qQCV.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_iede.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_L7XQ.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_uzZ0.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_-syE.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_zkB3.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_R_Gv.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-laciniatum_7HUr.jpg ; Solanum laciniatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hordeum-murinum-leporinum_3MTR.jpg ; Hordeum murinum
http://flora-on.pt/Echinaria-capitata_WZo_.jpg ; Echinaria capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_uS7v.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_rINy.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_WybF.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_1pMC.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylis-glomerata-hispanica_q7oj.jpg ; Dactylis glomerata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-villosa_LvcE.jpg ; Vicia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_ZWDz.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_hbWX.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_StC_.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_EF52.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_fG5m.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-vestita_yGgT.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_7NC2.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_72G3.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_pFIM.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_Anjk.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_Ot5F.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_XPu7.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_WrND.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia__Y_c.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_3sMv.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_EZpr.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_5ROJ.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_iV2B.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_i_-0.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_HDAJ.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_fYa9.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_hMP0.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_BWKv.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_QOz_.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_Sj4e.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_vogF.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_xzUs.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_JAi-.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-serpyllifolia-serpyllifolia_I3FI.jpg ; Veronica serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Radiola-linoides_6H-Z.jpg ; Radiola linoides
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-supina-supina_rq5L.jpg ; Linaria supina
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_CddR.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_SZ18.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_BPIw.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_21f0.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_Keem.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_Ve85.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_7ksS.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_dWDB.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_Jmke.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum__zBe.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_xbqH.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_O0GC.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_MdBk.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-ragusina_ktP6.jpg ; Andryala ragusina
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_ZgJF.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_v90I.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_3jkr.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_2BUu.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_QMM6.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_YuMm.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_MXKI.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_4m5U.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-albicans_QUh9.jpg ; Iris albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_QHMi.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_KYDv.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_lMl2.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_zxxj.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_lE3y.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_tN0q.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_CBhj.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_VuVO.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_ZBqf.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_AyWL.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_vzJW.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_Yrnk.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_gaqt.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_U-B5.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-tenue_jLvT.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-schoenoprasum_XNvt.jpg ; Allium schoenoprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_XxV_.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_Y7O6.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_zPmB.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_Eizw.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_nygb.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_KBqA.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_RcVD.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_zlNP.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_vbK_.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_7JJ5.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_XkyK.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_WtyL.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-gracilis_lQz9.jpg ; Orobanche gracilis
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_UAMB.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-arvensis_oa58.jpg ; Stachys arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_z9vd.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-maximus_mYY9.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_srkD.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor__bqZ.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus__ZGR.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_q-QH.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_hAyN.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_Tz4h.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_RS35.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_mgfr.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_6Ule.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-sphaerocephalon_v94A.jpg ; Allium sphaerocephalon
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_pAc7.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_E83n.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_IFSe.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_rAW9.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_mjuY.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_VCn4.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_Ulc5.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_iHQ_.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_7Pb0.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_PQid.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_eyrv.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_RiSE.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_3sYp.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_ywqx.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_y8eo.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_g_4l.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_k8CL.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_sOJu.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_f-AW.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_CBPc.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_5jbd.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_Pjfv.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-lanceolatus_I0-C.jpg ; Bromus lanceolatus
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_gImw.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_NjL9.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_DFxB.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_FfJ3.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_OzKJ.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Fuirena-pubescens_SWNY.jpg ; Fuirena pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_wovL.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-scabrum_wKhW.jpg ; Trifolium scabrum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-forsteri_p-6t.jpg ; Luzula forsteri
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_sN8k.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_O1Xa.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_UacI.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_NhGV.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_gl9h.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_40zG.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_bMVc.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_cT1P.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_zXWU.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_QdaT.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_QffH.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_cNr2.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_SJEj.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_H6OB.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_WgZ2.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_a5Ix.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_CCW6.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_Z01R.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_ypuR.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_87-Y.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_W_7_.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_AGjO.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_EXfw.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_-IEb.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-cicutarium-bipinnatum_GW5z.jpg ; Erodium cicutarium
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_nScE.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_PuOC.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_5ipq.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_MeJ_.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-minuta-arrecta_gTWF.jpg ; Melica minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_r6wI.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_Y_1v.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_dkWC.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_ixI2.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_Qqgw.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_Z6qd.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_DNRA.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_PusA.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_oWKT.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_Kcs4.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_Xrf3.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_SfYb.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_S4QU.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_CM7b.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_K4qw.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_CBnD.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_kXHf.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_2Izz.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_9Pf4.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_IDxF.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_-pFe.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_LCLI.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-septentrionale-septentrionale_lLQn.jpg ; Asplenium septentrionale
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_9pY1.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_OYKn.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_31tV.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_NQVf.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-interjectum_WkNf.jpg ; Polypodium interjectum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_r-Du.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_Bbsg.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-oreades_6sa5.jpg ; Dryopteris oreades
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_Gvac.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_dFm7.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_vB4I.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-vestita_D0kN.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_eOdi.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_091e.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_vl5w.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_wnDO.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_fGtO.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_A2s5.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_H02B.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_dWPm.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_M42g.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_vHh4.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_sUGg.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_dD2k.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-pulcher-woodsii_MImo.jpg ; Rumex pulcher
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_jtQ2.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_kIAH.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_FeK4.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_lBZ1.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_BERy.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_mbW9.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_9P0D.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_g-3V.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_ZJFU.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_bZbQ.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_CjPl.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_K99W.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_NQpC.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-cornucopioides_uoj5.jpg ; Aphanes cornucopioides
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_Dg39.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_XrPb.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_9-wk.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_NYCl.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Hedysarum-coronarium_zvCt.jpg ; Hedysarum coronarium
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_LFkH.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_4XGx.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_uZea.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_BM7g.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_TIbr.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_SXuL.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-vulgare_QUH2.jpg ; Tanacetum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_nYu-.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-vulgaris_yuUj.jpg ; Barbarea vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_5k6C.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_EvEt.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_U09R.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_4HD-.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-parviflora_AD17.jpg ; Fumaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_VYzM.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_Jd5J.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_3moz.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum__mhg.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_2dOc.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_VZAC.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-cinerea_9O7Q.jpg ; Erica cinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_9-pT.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_qJr9.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_1Ucl.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_qNr1.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum__SXP.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_vZ9K.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_gIvl.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_AZu-.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_qyXD.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_pQMx.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_6AAR.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_vVyD.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis_9GkW.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_dy9o.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-minor_Qxcm.jpg ; Briza minor
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_iumY.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_Ffck.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_ujad.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_joDB.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_95mq.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_HskJ.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_0649.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida__ukI.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_qOId.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_M71e.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_8rfD.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_CHNE.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_-tra.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_KVyA.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_MUi7.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_LJ15.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_J4Uz.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_jtMM.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_6SWA.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_Fz79.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_id83.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_Q7vR.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_sH4Z.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_jaPu.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_WVEg.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_dwxr.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_HzIK.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_ddws.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_Hhjl.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_elFi.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_oWL4.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_wBjK.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_1tvU.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_gfQ1.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_y3sS.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_gCxo.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_BLnJ.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum__4jr.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_dOCd.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_2Ozh.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_7sHQ.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-glabra-hirticaulis_8eZw.jpg ; Cruciata glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_1sKz.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_OYDZ.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_H3Pf.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-glabra-hirticaulis_psYN.jpg ; Cruciata glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_7jXq.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_grHM.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_zTja.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_liVU.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_zwMo.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_kSwD.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_uv5w.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-minor_KSBn.jpg ; Briza minor
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_sRmH.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-angulatus_9n0i.jpg ; Senecio angulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_2jEW.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-pulegium_Xdp5.jpg ; Mentha pulegium
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_pSrS.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_jqre.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_LjQE.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_x8_O.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_8Xq6.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_OKZJ.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_3cnC.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_N9Xi.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_THWp.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-odoratus_4I02.jpg ; Lathyrus odoratus
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_6b_C.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_E2lW.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_KkDA.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_1iJc.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_kHCC.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_bMdG.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_bf0d.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_HiXq.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_4l_c.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_uQ0T.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-crispus_Bj3c.jpg ; Potamogeton crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-major-major_AS6-.jpg ; Vinca major
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_gIFw.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_4Fir.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_yjYA.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_LKV7.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_rXk8.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_HYhK.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_ENfZ.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_L47k.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_mTh3.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_TQWy.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_dnO8.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_i1Yn.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_9DN5.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_PCoI.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_wimu.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_lpVm.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_dIUT.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_FX9p.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_Bn-0.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_JHZD.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_9Go-.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_ljvV.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Narthecium-ossifragum_0mWG.jpg ; Narthecium ossifragum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_Fz95.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_bCqR.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_CH_8.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_bZEj.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_hccr.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_aJR_.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_BRIu.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_DJV5.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_e3A5.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_NzvZ.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_mjRa.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_AKi6.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_ZHTW.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_AFpN.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-galericulata_I3PT.jpg ; Scutellaria galericulata
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_Cn8z.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_-gFM.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_9IWL.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-ruber-ruber_erWt.jpg ; Centranthus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale__jLE.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_C2Iy.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_d8NH.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_et-Q.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_zdp6.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_hNRP.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_PuD-.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_j7vl.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_Pbr7.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_9SfF.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris__264.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-tillaea_QHfQ.jpg ; Crassula tillaea
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_fSQm.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_3Ew6.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-major-major_T3_q.jpg ; Vinca major
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_W6zT.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_HaX0.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_t3EJ.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_YGMs.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_rmzI.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_Lb8_.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-difformis-difformis_0SKc.jpg ; Vinca difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_B-KU.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_8Rng.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-semicompositum_U4ar.jpg ; Bupleurum semicompositum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_yxUM.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_sQGX.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_98WX.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_QFwD.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_5ojb.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Echinaria-capitata_gZXP.jpg ; Echinaria capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_5qvE.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_y7fv.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_shyg.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_y8PB.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_Sc8u.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_EKNS.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_Ajas.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ericetorum_5g6K.jpg ; Allium ericetorum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_NjKu.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_HQN2.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_1dp8.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_N55q.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_By0P.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Agave-americana_gSSa.jpg ; Agave americana
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_1ami.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_VWMs.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_j8a_.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_mHCO.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-cicutarium-bipinnatum_ILhI.jpg ; Erodium cicutarium
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_X-wN.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_VBXw.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_69X4.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-portensis_G1L3.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-calycinum_nIMj.jpg ; Hypericum calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_Yg1T.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra_ldET.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_Cd96.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_6g0b.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_EdJX.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_ijwy.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_WkdX.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_Eof6.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_lU3o.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_tKhI.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_Xq1S.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_9zzL.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_Z6aN.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_sQT-.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_rubw.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_RdxL.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_ZzN3.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_b-F6.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_A90H.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_xNij.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_SHzJ.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-crispus_VROI.jpg ; Potamogeton crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_6irp.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_-GN-.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_UyB9.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_BNLb.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_cN1m.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_1Lrq.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-fuscus_Y109.jpg ; Cyperus fuscus
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_0bDC.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_7xOB.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_e-nT.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_gkFK.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_-cJs.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_pheE.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_Vw8l.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_I5X6.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_TOmO.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_YDpG.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_PP35.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_TBGa.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Airopsis-tenella_kAQ6.jpg ; Airopsis tenella
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_RSNY.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Bunias-erucago_ziim.jpg ; Bunias erucago
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_wvSO.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_B1Gq.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_0P_0.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_4B_a.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_UiLw.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_TwQ_.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_eEzJ.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_jK9U.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_mN9x.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_FONc.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_aPSq.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_dBQ9.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_GZMf.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_L9OC.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_a1pO.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_yrOk.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_V1jX.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_yXwl.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_NZZz.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_gYR8.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_pNDP.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_3lpW.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Corylus-avellana_-SOv.jpg ; Corylus avellana
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_LFJd.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_cftE.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_SJ3f.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenoplectus-lacustris_N5rp.jpg ; Schoenoplectus lacustris
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_5Qxo.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_pdp-.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_4B8z.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_been.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_AceR.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_tld_.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Radiola-linoides_zSFd.jpg ; Radiola linoides
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_he-6.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_LSwP.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_IZxe.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_c_7Y.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_6ylI.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_s7N0.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-denticulata__Aqt.jpg ; Selaginella denticulata
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_svQO.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_rYV3.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_KfPp.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_MJaQ.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_Gjzo.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-minor_ubsu.jpg ; Lemna minor
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-fistulosus_yUHH.jpg ; Asphodelus fistulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_UqP7.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_pp4x.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_1Aua.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_kCAm.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_aTfi.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_fijW.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_i55F.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura_2fhW.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_F0zD.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-pygmaeus_NQyt.jpg ; Juncus pygmaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_UB72.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_Lm9Q.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_k522.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_R67E.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_KiYt.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-picta_8XCV.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_uWry.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_g2ba.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-pseudoiva_CZHL.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_nMJm.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_0mqo.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-procera__mzm.jpg ; Agrimonia procera
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_wiu4.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea_xSNP.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-afra-afra_BTWv.jpg ; Plantago afra
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_1Yoh.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_wseD.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-esculentus_4ygg.jpg ; Cyperus esculentus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_WQgU.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-holostea_9T_m.jpg ; Stellaria holostea
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_xML7.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-campestre_QvAq.jpg ; Trifolium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_AXGi.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_oGp9.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_n43-.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_t1-u.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_wsPc.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_Q6nX.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_UnB0.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-uniflora_1nt9.jpg ; Melica uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratophyllum-demersum_OMhI.jpg ; Ceratophyllum demersum
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_TfST.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis__0mz.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_OX8a.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_iHj5.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_g9kW.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_yXAe.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_sne2.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_J-EH.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-runcinatum_rG2o.jpg ; Sisymbrium runcinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_EilZ.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_M7Pl.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_o48d.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_UBJo.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_p_b_.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_WBGh.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_njYT.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_hTF7.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_Lhia.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_Evdw.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus_6phv.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-paludosus_I_Si.jpg ; Ranunculus paludosus
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_iE-E.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Eragrostis-minor_8fjl.jpg ; Eragrostis minor
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_LFaR.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_je4s.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Typha-latifolia_Rvwx.jpg ; Typha latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_BJ9H.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Laurus-nobilis_f9lP.jpg ; Laurus nobilis
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_ksmq.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_a6qi.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_n9G6.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_6P-B.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_MqXK.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_KZ5K.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_Ccpy.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_p_0R.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_VH8c.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_mzy_.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lagopus_FnII.jpg ; Plantago lagopus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_atrf.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_GDu9.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_DKZP.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_yvyQ.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_xEY8.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_HNqp.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-aucuparia_DIEd.jpg ; Sorbus aucuparia
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_L2wY.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_byeS.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_I4oR.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_aU8Z.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_QWKp.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-sativus-isthmocarpus_gL_S.jpg ; Ornithopus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-lantana_-EmF.jpg ; Viburnum lantana
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_Zgru.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_8FXa.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-scabrum_n6sq.jpg ; Trifolium scabrum
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_K8xU.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_z85Q.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_RoPk.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_k2sJ.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_sO_f.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_NYTO.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_hGu5.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_7BZq.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_4bH4.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Eriophorum-angustifolium_ADNr.jpg ; Eriophorum angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_rLmc.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthericum-liliago_behP.jpg ; Anthericum liliago
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_MTxu.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-forsteri_5zq6.jpg ; Luzula forsteri
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_hB76.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-nigrum_bvBe.jpg ; Allium nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_U3-a.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_0ZL6.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_UDmr.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_NTCQ.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_t516.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-alba-mairei_w7-U.jpg ; Sinapis alba
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_OaTR.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_PX5D.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_7Y7s.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_wYXT.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_OeT3.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_ecFc.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_xGqK.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_ZNrT.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_JrrJ.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_14Yj.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_txEh.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_yo3W.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_XxLZ.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_M5Hu.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_fLNc.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-runcinatum_J0Kv.jpg ; Sisymbrium runcinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_T27Y.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-laciniata_d91E.jpg ; Prunella laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_jscg.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_6KjB.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_RVNE.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_qfY6.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_DpyK.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_EVCp.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_kPNW.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_Yy68.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_Ixg6.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea__brt.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_8H1e.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_iIAy.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_Ej8e.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_U1tt.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_cDW9.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_LE_F.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_2IN-.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_TjbF.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-melitensis_zgJp.jpg ; Centaurea melitensis
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_SaxX.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_nV0A.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_HhDl.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_U5ph.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum_QSyv.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_9UEk.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_H3_Q.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_uIPR.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_MY9t.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_qU5L.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_Ii9k.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_Y6wv.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_fueJ.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_kjJ4.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_USCK.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-purpureum_qCtF.jpg ; Lamium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-fuscus_iZZK.jpg ; Cyperus fuscus
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_cFOP.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_dDaS.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_G4rG.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_-g86.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_IAY9.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_UGPI.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_IMTy.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_M4To.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_CkYz.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_LhfD.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_1FbL.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_qtGX.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_heU5.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-saxatile_NSeC.jpg ; Galium saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_zQt_.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_LNhC.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_57uR.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_QwCC.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_og8e.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_MYCa.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_1wWj.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-omiophyllus_1FPI.jpg ; Ranunculus omiophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_EnBu.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_UGN6.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_AZqH.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_qsc2.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_g1s4.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_36qN.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_zMCW.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-angustifolium_P-b6.jpg ; Trifolium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-caesius_TYRr.jpg ; Rubus caesius
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_Q7fE.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_y83i.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_5VmW.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_NCKN.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_2uDv.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_jInK.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_6lX2.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_D37l.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_myOQ.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_L0oL.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_T3XN.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-echinatus_Z0bf.jpg ; Astragalus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_g9MC.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_ZNPV.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-gracilima_RS9z.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-paludosus_liSf.jpg ; Ranunculus paludosus
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-holostea_FBbY.jpg ; Stellaria holostea
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-officinalis_KyFr.jpg ; Melilotus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_2o0n.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_Hzed.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-hirsutus_iQRE.jpg ; Lathyrus hirsutus
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_9XMB.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_NwfE.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_RIIO.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_dOdU.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_7z6W.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_7FPK.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_j7_9.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_mXEu.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_izuW.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_SPEE.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_9hgX.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_bW0H.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-procumbens_UfRU.jpg ; Sagina procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_GJQU.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Honckenya-peploides_6KAc.jpg ; Honckenya peploides
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_om3R.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_gVaB.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_fZOZ.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_5tRL.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthericum-liliago_hA15.jpg ; Anthericum liliago
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_obYE.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_J1Pn.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_2YlJ.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_iCp6.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_4XTM.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_NXy1.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_0ELi.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_EdzL.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_DK9v.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Lens-nigricans_W04t.jpg ; Lens nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_HQYR.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_Ilpm.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_rjGZ.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_igMB.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-tomentosa_lPrB.jpg ; Mercurialis tomentosa
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_Akpt.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_JsTl.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_IuGJ.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_gC_A.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_8kEd.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_lNzn.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-picta_TC4x.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scordium-scordium_Es-A.jpg ; Teucrium scordium
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-arborescens_RuAB.jpg ; Viola arborescens
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_3Nc_.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata_V-wz.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Cichorium-intybus_UseU.jpg ; Cichorium intybus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_4VFV.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_MDsx.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-agraria_4MpS.jpg ; Fumaria agraria
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_QeZm.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-maxima_INhA.jpg ; Briza maxima
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_St-A.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_93us.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_GFVQ.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_Iw34.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_Y5st.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_q5w7.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-sphaerocephalon_U3mW.jpg ; Allium sphaerocephalon
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_5h4G.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_0X13.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_YlZo.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_BLWW.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_go1a.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_Pjp-.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_PMdL.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_6yv4.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-diphyllum_qcqD.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_K32s.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_jfnR.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_d7nM.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_-MIP.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_5idc.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_jPDk.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_Rg7I.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-tillaea_nP9M.jpg ; Crassula tillaea
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander__L4D.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_m2gK.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_2XKy.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-sylvaticum_Wa9P.jpg ; Brachypodium sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_Cpl2.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_cDqT.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_FQBG.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_6mAM.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_ERlb.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_cPBp.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_2Ogh.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_-LQK.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-fruticans_MGyj.jpg ; Teucrium fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_dBlP.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_2D5P.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_KbV8.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_FtUX.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_sMWS.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides__cLc.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_WzlF.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_rk7c.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ololeucos_B2Cc.jpg ; Ranunculus ololeucos
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-foetidum_ckSX.jpg ; Helichrysum foetidum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_TSjf.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_O5dm.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_undB.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_39cs.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-minor_CvGE.jpg ; Lemna minor
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_RXle.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_h6RI.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_hKqg.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_Uy_o.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-vulgare_iwqj.jpg ; Tanacetum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_Pcu8.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Gastridium-ventricosum_eFxi.jpg ; Gastridium ventricosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_Nz66.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_xMVg.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_wEhj.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_cqf1.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_FWq_.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_u2g3.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-laciniatum_ld6T.jpg ; Solanum laciniatum
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula_C2_B.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_LJAF.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-debile_YfOO.jpg ; Galium debile
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_udWt.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_zKz2.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_ajZG.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_whyc.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_54c0.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_TALs.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_-4Iw.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_QBpu.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_pwaU.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Panicum-repens_x8Pp.jpg ; Panicum repens
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-major-major_3r9H.jpg ; Vinca major
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_O5gX.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_RkZt.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_UxNI.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_xcaY.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Picnomon-acarna_QAdD.jpg ; Picnomon acarna
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_bFSp.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_B4ZO.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_pumI.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_ERya.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Thelypteris-palustris_JZo-.jpg ; Thelypteris palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_0UBI.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_9NqU.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_Jsxv.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_7Fer.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_4pfx.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_PogW.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_V2xP.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopus-europaeus_VTX9.jpg ; Lycopus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_ODaP.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_hvdO.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_C9AH.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_9qth.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-salicaria_pnv-.jpg ; Lythrum salicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Euonymus-europaeus_KeRX.jpg ; Euonymus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_jtso.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_Wfuv.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_bfqv.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_UrfX.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_BJaX.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_AllL.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_F6Lb.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_NKu4.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-vulgaris_C3Ie.jpg ; Prunella vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_sJtR.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_gL52.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_v-DD.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_7fqd.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_nBne.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Gastridium-ventricosum_XXAB.jpg ; Gastridium ventricosum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_FEW1.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_CLy7.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_Ek0N.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_8yve.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_hJnh.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_-NqJ.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-tournefortii_kHBG.jpg ; Brassica tournefortii
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_07Pe.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_hoq5.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_J-Cj.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_aZUC.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_lh1S.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_dGNQ.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_APYN.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_fvon.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_tNR6.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_b8Np.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_CwZ1.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_mHtJ.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra_YMWb.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-portensis_c0R5.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_8hjn.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_OmqR.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_VA8_.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_c_Lf.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_goa_.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_x6Q6.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_WdSk.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_tTmp.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_Seay.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-forsteri_v_Y0.jpg ; Luzula forsteri
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_BXL-.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_If8F.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_I4Ok.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_o2ff.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_w_eZ.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_PWxU.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_xWo2.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_w9QD.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_rXnz.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_5gJ6.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_st5r.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_2pFe.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis__i7H.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_8bB7.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_AUjo.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_Cfch.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_p3m5.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_dQR6.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_b9cZ.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_i9y_.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_Jez9.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_Incj.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_HKsN.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_r7xj.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_GyTw.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_uOtM.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_z2jY.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_g3W9.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_t_Ju.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_ObFX.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_ICkD.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_Ms8l.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_JRkr.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_yaY0.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_OlWF.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_GSxq.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_0Jpp.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_7ip1.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Fragaria-vesca-vesca_6GkC.jpg ; Fragaria vesca
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_DWpW.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_d_u3.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Antinoria-agrostidea_Flh4.jpg ; Antinoria agrostidea
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_QXj2.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_6izK.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_NKe_.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Vinca-major-major_Hm7A.jpg ; Vinca major
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_SGQY.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_OCHC.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_ZJeq.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_NQg-.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_JB7v.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_8h09.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_qnJS.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_bWjs.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_r1vK.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_PuZ3.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_A01t.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_U6Ej.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Pteris-vittata_BfsP.jpg ; Pteris vittata
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_s1zg.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_DXyG.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_8f-u.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra_HDk1.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_21bp.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_kPzB.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_NuU1.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_mZQM.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_Di0k.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_A7JR.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_E2cs.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_9Aqr.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_7Kc5.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_-hTg.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_Nwh0.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_Tgpg.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_-y4k.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_JTUb.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_m70G.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_h09p.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-ragusina_7DT-.jpg ; Andryala ragusina
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_IqCs.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_D-jA.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_bGP2.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_XN6X.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_kkXR.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_HzfB.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_Jt3_.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_wPhb.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_E10A.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_jI7w.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_gKlX.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_u8IK.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Theligonum-cynocrambe_yCxS.jpg ; Theligonum cynocrambe
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-spinosum_OzDI.jpg ; Xanthium spinosum
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_sI4a.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_Fh3T.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_j3eq.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Limosella-aquatica_qXUG.jpg ; Limosella aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_a630.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_N1NX.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-subnodulosus_5Vqi.jpg ; Juncus subnodulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides__wNu.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_AQdV.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_1KPG.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_P_XI.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum___jo.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-dilatata_X5b8.jpg ; Dryopteris dilatata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-orbicularis_iTux.jpg ; Medicago orbicularis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_yEY7.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_B_eW.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_dgjV.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_N_sh.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_H_zN.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_uVMF.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_fq8y.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-vulgaris_hxW7.jpg ; Senecio vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-pulchra_hVZp.jpg ; Crepis pulchra
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_q2R4.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_YHYu.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-faya_ldK6.jpg ; Myrica faya
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_Lz0h.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_n99p.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_C_IL.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_On71.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-paniculatum_bCEN.jpg ; Allium paniculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_eCeI.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-oleracea_J6kI.jpg ; Brassica oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-laurifolius_nqRE.jpg ; Cistus laurifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_M6cq.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_kqoM.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_Y4sI.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_SQ5_.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_eM-g.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-villosum__NWK.jpg ; Solanum villosum
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_BKIM.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_7KiP.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_OXkO.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_2TQG.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_84L6.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_-fTb.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_04Q-.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-serotinus_xXMw.jpg ; Narcissus serotinus
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_SSa2.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_bKVn.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-niger_cxJX.jpg ; Hyoscyamus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_8xxP.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Digitaria-sanguinalis_7MMl.jpg ; Digitaria sanguinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_7pvj.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_biYg.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_tuDl.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_7rsG.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-angustifolia_Smsa.jpg ; Vicia angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-ebulus_koiJ.jpg ; Sambucus ebulus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_YKaD.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_3J3o.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_f8Pz.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_Jdrp.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_Hbbg.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_Zi3K.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Cornus-sanguinea-sanguinea_dfsS.jpg ; Cornus sanguinea
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_nVmA.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_xPEz.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_5XwM.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_nCOG.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_3_dZ.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_2xf-.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_yDxO.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_ur1u.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_aU3i.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Eragrostis-minor_tDMX.jpg ; Eragrostis minor
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_xXAb.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_0Ukv.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_R_99.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-globulifera_xEw_.jpg ; Pilularia globulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_gTfz.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_7bwv.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_2fy8.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_iMdp.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-dissectum_MQ5G.jpg ; Geranium dissectum
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_A1Cl.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_270f.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_XiPl.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_ZSiU.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_2xut.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_pmCe.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_3t7W.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_ZfP-.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hirta_RiOj.jpg ; Carex hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_90y7.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_j2zs.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_dJ8T.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_2KVQ.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_Clt6.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_3wFp.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_i9wi.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_W75E.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_Wyoc.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_bWlB.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-trinervia_9pfo.jpg ; Moehringia trinervia
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_-6Vw.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_IB3U.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-picta_xMqV.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Ruscus-aculeatus_qSJY.jpg ; Ruscus aculeatus
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_lVYD.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_1Hvs.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_wyZR.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_V8if.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-azoricum_iC3t.jpg ; Ophioglossum azoricum
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-multifida_lQ_w.jpg ; Lavandula multifida
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_LGLX.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_cDrS.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_YE85.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_Nz5y.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_TFgS.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_R60n.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Succisa-pratensis_ZcaU.jpg ; Succisa pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosella-angiocarpus_xTRf.jpg ; Rumex acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_sQlT.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_Ir_v.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_nAe6.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_GopA.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_REVF.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_EXj2.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_s2S0.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_yP4r.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_qCUH.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_Asu9.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_Hf7p.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-tazetta-tazetta_PS9t.jpg ; Narcissus tazetta
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_UwFA.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_3get.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_02Ih.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_vWtW.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_Y60_.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_YO7Q.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_wUZo.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_rDo8.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_AvtT.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_jp-6.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_XpwK.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_wLug.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_oQ5R.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_SDYh.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-crispus_D0kd.jpg ; Rumex crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_w93I.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-arvensis_1XGO.jpg ; Sinapis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_7KHm.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_xheQ.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_heom.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-ocymastrum_otrZ.jpg ; Stachys ocymastrum
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_Uplh.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_J_eU.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_iC-i.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_ElvG.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_wRVL.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_VQ5m.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_jEHc.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_L2Lg.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_yho1.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_jH9x.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_Lq7Q.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-palustris_AjRP.jpg ; Eleocharis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_-H_4.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_tqiP.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Castanea-sativa_lAOy.jpg ; Castanea sativa
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_7bZT.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_t3JS.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_w8Qs.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-lanigera_fjnX.jpg ; Kickxia lanigera
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_6DM4.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_WDOq.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_YoKs.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_bOTW.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_n4Gk.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_HiK8.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_CrbF.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_GP6Z.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_GoXU.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_R8K_.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-tazetta-tazetta_XscH.jpg ; Narcissus tazetta
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_w_KM.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_0fKp.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_7s4H.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_TFRn.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_bdIn.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_lWpm.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_90gk.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_Vv3Q.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_tf5B.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-serrata_vLzu.jpg ; Euphorbia serrata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_oqyT.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_oHbh.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_5CVU.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_5HtB.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_3eMZ.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-pilulifera_brrS.jpg ; Urtica pilulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_whqP.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_lqiB.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-lutea_DfJb.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_F6U3.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_rH-r.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_FJLW.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_Jry-.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_9nsD.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_Bota.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_T2FH.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina__9LT.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_qaof.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_Pws-.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_FKj_.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_4kVb.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_NLXr.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-dissectum_baKz.jpg ; Geranium dissectum
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-ambigua_n4kS.jpg ; Mercurialis ambigua
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_o50j.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-micrantha_5mHz.jpg ; Rosa micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_-H_4.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_ix8X.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-pratensis_HYMk.jpg ; Lathyrus pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_ddQN.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_sPa6.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-pyrenaicum-lusitanicum_C8rY.jpg ; Geranium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-torminalis_pY9t.jpg ; Sorbus torminalis
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_f1K3.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_D7i5.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_p8uY.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_6qe3.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-azoricum_LYGj.jpg ; Ophioglossum azoricum
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_rmcc.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_r9T8.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_Sb8I.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-vulgaris_nxcQ.jpg ; Prunella vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_ofIH.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_rW4y.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_XboE.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_frQQ.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-hederae_jfls.jpg ; Orobanche hederae
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_M6Fh.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_COi3.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_lF9y.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_jHY_.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_1WCH.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_7aRU.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_OgE8.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_hvBf.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-angustifolia_NoQu.jpg ; Vicia angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_UZxs.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_Tyue.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_NUCz.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_zCRL.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_kOUf.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_pVue.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_UFfX.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_JJbi.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_wuhT.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Digitaria-sanguinalis_nVbr.jpg ; Digitaria sanguinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_Ya-K.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis__edL.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_Qb9i.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_L-PA.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis_eKtq.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_L-u0.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_ti6P.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_nXOi.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_AGIY.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-angustifolium_oBer.jpg ; Trifolium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_ybh7.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_AtKS.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-serpyllifolium-lusitanicum_529m.jpg ; Alyssum serpyllifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_Baji.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_F27u.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_m1G5.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_UAoQ.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_cs4Z.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_TX6M.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_mxtq.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Picnomon-acarna_3YrG.jpg ; Picnomon acarna
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_0k6o.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_kYJO.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_FAC1.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_lE_9.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_cqRk.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-pratensis_R0mf.jpg ; Gagea pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_eK_e.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_z2bI.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_q-b6.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_xMPa.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_j947.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_8UyQ.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_asYH.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_OJ0u.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_CBBT.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_o3N8.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_GgQp.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_8TWn.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_RF3w.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_4tQQ.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_Wmsc.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_jtmR.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_-Ih7.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_GSnc.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum__yfm.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_sxYG.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_vh_H.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_A8rT.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_yHik.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_uzSv.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_cAYT.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_WCJm.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_9zYe.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-annua_QW4s.jpg ; Poa annua
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_HCUa.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_Rx4v.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_JxQ7.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_2YKt.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Nepeta-tuberosa-tuberosa_sKss.jpg ; Nepeta tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_sjNQ.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_hDUL.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_yvF8.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrocotyle-vulgaris_7WLo.jpg ; Hydrocotyle vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_u7_V.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_5VSs.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_3eKy.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_WX4F.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_QKq1.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Tradescantia-fluminensis_jPBx.jpg ; Tradescantia fluminensis
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-procera_QA92.jpg ; Agrimonia procera
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_gTwB.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_IsJy.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_Hk-_.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-villosa_Pb_j.jpg ; Vicia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_72o7.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Leersia-oryzoides_2CKd.jpg ; Leersia oryzoides
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_PBIX.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_edh4.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_X3Q0.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-multifida_4x1l.jpg ; Lavandula multifida
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_8h0Z.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-dissectum_2sqL.jpg ; Geranium dissectum
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_ZTSl.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_ClUK.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_GWRz.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_R4iC.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_WBqo.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_0MHn.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_QQCa.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-pulegium_iO1m.jpg ; Mentha pulegium
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_mL47.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_lEyh.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_0DOH.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_EtEc.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_tzUI.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_rHgR.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_xsxk.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_g5RL.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_IS3E.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Buglossoides-arvensis-occidentalis_JTaa.jpg ; Buglossoides arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-lusitanica-lusitanica_STu9.jpg ; Prunus lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_z_Uf.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-micranthus_kKJS.jpg ; Lupinus micranthus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_v_zX.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-membranacea_Hrop.jpg ; Urtica membranacea
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_Gy-A.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_h87t.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_MIRh.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_WV4-.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_gXSn.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_lXWb.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_eEt6.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_Jbub.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_X1yR.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_QcW2.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_AB1V.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_kTKj.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_3jCu.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_FN-R.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-triuncialis_oPTb.jpg ; Aegilops triuncialis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_Jkk-.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_Z6vJ.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-angustifolia_UtT6.jpg ; Phillyrea angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_KIvJ.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Salpichroa-origanifolia_mYyr.jpg ; Salpichroa origanifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_OFDv.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_s2GO.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_7zjk.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_rjhq.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_7pc5.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_uCHf.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_rgd-.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_wGoH.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis_vN-C.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_xorF.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_HYld.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_EglQ.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_M75W.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_sNAd.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_A6hI.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-baetica_pmuB.jpg ; Aristolochia baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_PS8J.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_lQG4.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_VEK4.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-roseum_AmYy.jpg ; Allium roseum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-clementei-clementei_0Ppq.jpg ; Euphorbia clementei
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_JLPK.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_iOv-.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-squarrosus_MK6t.jpg ; Bromus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_j1P2.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_y913.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_Jf-a.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_z_KU.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_k-zy.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_hwRz.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_RysK.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-minuta-arrecta__PxW.jpg ; Melica minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_yvW4.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_c1XT.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_6ssP.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Anacyclus-radiatus_JjoE.jpg ; Anacyclus radiatus
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_WkNB.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-tetragonum-tetragonum_sjHH.jpg ; Epilobium tetragonum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_OY_1.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Theligonum-cynocrambe_GofU.jpg ; Theligonum cynocrambe
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_JoY5.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bulbosus_H05i.jpg ; Juncus bulbosus
http://flora-on.pt/Polycnemum-arvense_NhnM.jpg ; Polycnemum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-niger_95OF.jpg ; Lathyrus niger
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_ZS39.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_qAWt.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_C0s6.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_yhAx.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_o5ZL.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_0G8h.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-gracilima_8iTK.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_ZT_b.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_GOJa.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Santolina-rosmarinifolia-rosmarinifolia_9uX7.jpg ; Santolina rosmarinifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_Miz_.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_wX1f.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_FYab.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_ywNI.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_YREN.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_NV92.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_nCnV.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_3BbB.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_XoqQ.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_6sdK.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_2aiL.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii_mcGs.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_Mt6V.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pusilla-pusilla_rPDC.jpg ; Ononis pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_nGR5.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_PiXn.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_ok6D.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_6pks.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-lusitanica-lusitanica_fSA1.jpg ; Prunus lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_GVeR.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_bC-f.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_l-OR.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_tStb.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sylvestris_agIK.jpg ; Lathyrus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-repens_CHef.jpg ; Trifolium repens
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_6dpg.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_Dpx3.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_OxW-.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_tnNz.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_G6x2.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_gazY.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_D_yn.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_QCDW.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_leXg.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_iSYB.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_Q_9h.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_qvB3.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_RAe7.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_C3dL.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_2ILH.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doronicum-lusitanicus_4wA5.jpg ; Senecio doronicum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_T_xH.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-ramosissima-globularis_QF3m.jpg ; Myosotis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-tournefortii_hbHf.jpg ; Brassica tournefortii
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_QBrJ.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_WDqv.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_nSrz.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_6LJW.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_QjIX.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_hKvU.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_83Ou.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_pBjo.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Pteridium-aquilinum-aquilinum_DWt9.jpg ; Pteridium aquilinum
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_WMdZ.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_XRp0.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_x1mm.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-scorpius_5oYE.jpg ; Genista scorpius
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-thapsus_nfzH.jpg ; Verbascum thapsus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_F4P3.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_3US1.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_dDKZ.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_LLDK.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_voQF.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_DZPj.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_VGLZ.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-alba-mairei_S_qE.jpg ; Sinapis alba
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_eOkJ.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_CaJt.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_RXMC.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-polita_fT78.jpg ; Veronica polita
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_SX-l.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Polycnemum-arvense_kVuW.jpg ; Polycnemum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_CqUM.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_oYCd.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_c_Lr.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_jbJP.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-trinervis_nVmV.jpg ; Carex trinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_KXIt.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-luteola_ixFF.jpg ; Reseda luteola
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_RO6U.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_1vsl.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_T8Ee.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_rQEG.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_CW4v.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_rji8.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-lusitanica_RQ2i.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_p8i8.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_m3F4.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_Zp7A.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_QwWe.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-retusum_K5Th.jpg ; Brachypodium retusum
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_v9Tb.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_pQkj.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_hUpf.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_LPzB.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_Cej5.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-laurifolius_Cbm-.jpg ; Cistus laurifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_bJup.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_i4Xn.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_Ofw1.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_ndEb.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_gFxo.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_VJOP.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_Hmvl.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-etrusca_N6OY.jpg ; Lonicera etrusca
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_o11e.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_mglz.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_Ce4S.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_yQ0v.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_9WgQ.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_SxBg.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_qxHO.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-nigra-rivularis_4cUx.jpg ; Centaurea nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_-Etx.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_VDvk.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_goe1.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_327_.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_b_-G.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_k69C.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_VseW.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_ih-0.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_77lL.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_LrKK.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_oX8n.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Blackstonia-perfoliata_OCgL.jpg ; Blackstonia perfoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_XuLS.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_vuo6.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_V3L5.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_MPGD.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-tetragonum-tetragonum_T_OY.jpg ; Epilobium tetragonum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_WReL.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_-FbB.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_AfAx.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-villosa_yfcN.jpg ; Vicia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-alba-mairei_8hjo.jpg ; Sinapis alba
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_i2fn.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_0AHG.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_zhme.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_1enC.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_95XI.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_4efu.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_Vyjh.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_ewdq.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_JLaF.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_EIy8.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-minima_hf8x.jpg ; Medicago minima
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scordium-scordium_MSTt.jpg ; Teucrium scordium
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_V7Uj.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_FXes.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_odFT.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-foetidum_GhxY.jpg ; Helichrysum foetidum
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_ujRS.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_R3N1.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_IW0i.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_zwsk.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_2tJe.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_CBwB.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_gm9D.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-inflexus-inflexus_YnHu.jpg ; Juncus inflexus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_4QIZ.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_Tx-y.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_8I6_.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_hKFH.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_BavG.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_LkAf.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-pulverulenta_ryTH.jpg ; Frankenia pulverulenta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_jsct.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_GhHw.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-purpureum_gARl.jpg ; Lamium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_eDQn.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_OuYG.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_L4iG.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_6vDH.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_S34C.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-latifolia_WXx2.jpg ; Oxalis latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_H2Og.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-rigidum-rigidum_OMCQ.jpg ; Lolium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_obec.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_6ygq.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_xt2n.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_uHx_.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_k-Ab.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_OJV3.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-soda_A40P.jpg ; Salsola soda
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_XCsn.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_YEic.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_01BJ.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_6Plq.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_92A4.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_SY1f.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_1SlK.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-junceum_NL1r.jpg ; Lythrum junceum
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_-TG-.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_yri-.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_E9LB.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_qN9F.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_4_kF.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_Lbal.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_iy1U.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_D2XY.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_KcIv.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_zJrS.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_TS7i.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_ovIY.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_kgVr.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_G7_s.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_iNCg.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_zhsi.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_UG9a.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_-Fgr.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-nigrum_deLP.jpg ; Solanum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_KHtX.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_PWTG.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_UvuK.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Salix-atrocinerea_hNur.jpg ; Salix atrocinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_ImHt.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_Ub1E.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_OhA6.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-pseudoiva_0kas.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_kLH-.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_mFYy.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_KVHs.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_oDnM.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_RP2j.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-anagalloides-anagalloides_qf5t.jpg ; Veronica anagalloides
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-pratensis__Ph_.jpg ; Lathyrus pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_IbOX.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_wRyv.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_JnWp.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_tBvI.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_PnXO.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-strictiflora_gpsK.jpg ; Serapias strictiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_IQpH.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_bYko.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_5HnX.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-hirsutum_pv16.jpg ; Epilobium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_bncn.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_V5cU.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_hDwH.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-geniculata_fSX7.jpg ; Aegilops geniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_wyL3.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_FqyB.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_2vji.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_HTXp.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_E0wW.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_Kmzp.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica_qp8F.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Antinoria-agrostidea_0U_r.jpg ; Antinoria agrostidea
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_a7vG.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_ehnj.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_LFXG.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_jq-c.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_9ajs.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_XgwV.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_6ZsZ.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_Yjlf.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-glauca_ksmM.jpg ; Coronilla glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_l0OR.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_XnSS.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_dqBQ.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_QTD8.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_ZNj-.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_fJH4.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_Xm8I.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-salicifolium_Mnsp.jpg ; Helianthemum salicifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-strictiflora_Fv_M.jpg ; Serapias strictiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_P8Im.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_2W4R.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_7zaZ.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-ramosissima_TYHS.jpg ; Malcolmia ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_BLYx.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_Emvx.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_RcHH.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_Qmlt.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-officinalis_gkdF.jpg ; Veronica officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_o49Z.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_418S.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_KQRc.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Holcus-lanatus_jH95.jpg ; Holcus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_QjCu.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_m5RF.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_tCRo.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_zb7r.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_tzPo.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_7Yst.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_a7zs.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_c4vG.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_HqQM.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_H2_2.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_RBY4.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_Cax-.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_fHTh.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_8kH5.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-albicans_0nvS.jpg ; Iris albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_14cZ.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_OkVe.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_KnlW.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosella-angiocarpus_I82b.jpg ; Rumex acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_ojYc.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_m_X4.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_8mpe.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_6Ucn.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-palustre_pmp4.jpg ; Cirsium palustre
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_uXyc.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-vulgare_xOYI.jpg ; Echium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_3f4X.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_eVjz.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_U8F3.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_eGmQ.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_HIzY.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_MAkb.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Succisa-pratensis_3IYM.jpg ; Succisa pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoscyamus-albus_jtHb.jpg ; Hyoscyamus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_4WIw.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_Mwbo.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_p_yy.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_7BHA.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_ypIS.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_8hvW.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-ragusina_Dw7q.jpg ; Andryala ragusina
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_WVT_.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_agQV.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_lmiv.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_EcKz.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_YqU1.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_psnx.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_TwMl.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_32HE.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_wcRc.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Cornus-sanguinea-sanguinea_T1Pv.jpg ; Cornus sanguinea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_z5eJ.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_4hgM.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_riQz.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_HXBe.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_H_e8.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_tlUQ.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_FAup.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_IWS_.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_vqkj.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_fq-l.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-palustris_WIz-.jpg ; Epipactis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_HaNr.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-intermedius_eR4a.jpg ; Rumex intermedius
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-vulgaris_QCig.jpg ; Lysimachia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_sYRJ.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_bt12.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-anglica__Fms.jpg ; Potentilla anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_yv5A.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_IyoF.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_6PWR.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_t2cy.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_1tDL.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Scleranthus-annuus_N-aJ.jpg ; Scleranthus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-soda_gguR.jpg ; Salsola soda
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_xZrr.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_LmB2.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_wtEJ.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_aJSx.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_jOnk.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_piet.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_ysls.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_KBCY.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_ae8d.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_xdCQ.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_XehW.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_KFUs.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_F_3X.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_-fRc.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_9QP_.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_NgRU.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_ed1t.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_DtWW.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_B4Sm.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus__66J.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-stella_0E51.jpg ; Astragalus stella
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus_NhCc.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_Qx8i.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Narthecium-ossifragum_1PAK.jpg ; Narthecium ossifragum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-tripartitus_ns0E.jpg ; Ranunculus tripartitus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_oQY-.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_ZrL-.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_mUIy.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_paFZ.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-romana_I8bO.jpg ; Sideritis romana
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-sinuata_YUYO.jpg ; Matthiola sinuata
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_02M_.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-monspeliaca_W083.jpg ; Polygala monspeliaca
http://flora-on.pt/Euonymus-europaeus_PraF.jpg ; Euonymus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_MKSR.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-rubiginosa_an5g.jpg ; Rosa rubiginosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_uUcJ.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_zQL8.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_b_vY.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_btcV.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_seOa.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_aSrz.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_Fv8f.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-baeticum_dtG8.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_8EHW.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_ugnX.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Matthiola-fruticulosa-fruticulosa_-5Yb.jpg ; Matthiola fruticulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_q1be.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_nBrz.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_eEEk.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_8ddC.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Nymphaea-alba_LKHj.jpg ; Nymphaea alba
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pusilla-pusilla_hMFF.jpg ; Ononis pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_TGkk.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_JoPa.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_7GwE.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Staehelina-dubia_vT-c.jpg ; Staehelina dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_Ilys.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_-4QA.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_xIjJ.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_sc3U.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_ZCX7.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_plkd.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_N1F2.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_8MiD.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_M0C0.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_0kFL.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_DQzV.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_BES_.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_3hVe.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_mvbi.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_ZHvQ.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_GvrB.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_sPMm.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_3ahN.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_XiV3.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_ZlZH.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus__gmF.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Eupatorium-cannabinum-cannabinum_JHLK.jpg ; Eupatorium cannabinum
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_1qti.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_0L23.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_EBjW.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_XUlr.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_dW-j.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_ihby.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_sClZ.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_9lG7.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_srox.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_ystx.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_DqQc.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_-mPY.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_AfjO.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_DBfy.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Alliaria-petiolata_iUyD.jpg ; Alliaria petiolata
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_b0QI.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Samolus-valerandi_yTzG.jpg ; Samolus valerandi
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_tZ9n.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-maritimus_MIum.jpg ; Juncus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_YW57.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_nxNq.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_mfgi.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_oyi5.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_KKE2.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_-Pos.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_I5fQ.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-maritimum_oXK-.jpg ; Triglochin maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-binervis_Cd7I.jpg ; Carex binervis
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_B1iC.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_kFgd.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_lsMF.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_Zlvs.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_5aNj.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-lutea-lutea_PUb5.jpg ; Gentiana lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_41M7.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_HCTh.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_gOC4.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_3DPF.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_l4_P.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_GUqV.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_DkE8.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_Vcsq.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_3Qh_.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-robur_Uq_t.jpg ; Quercus robur
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_X51o.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-kraussiana_1dEM.jpg ; Selaginella kraussiana
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_s5cL.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_QtrD.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-vulgaris_Xroo.jpg ; Barbarea vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_gtcU.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_0NRB.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_VepU.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_vJ4n.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_gaF7.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_ciru.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-lantana_nO10.jpg ; Viburnum lantana
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_XPEs.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_7gG2.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_o7ON.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_m768.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-dyris_aqFO.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_WHaO.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_vo6Z.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine__ulV.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_rXIM.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-columbaria_LKV_.jpg ; Scabiosa columbaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_67Oh.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_aNSA.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-globulifera_Th3I.jpg ; Pilularia globulifera
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_mx3R.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Portulaca-oleracea_Aq8g.jpg ; Portulaca oleracea
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_uODK.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_HXWm.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_efqx.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_Gll3.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-maura_JxcE.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_I2il.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_LtNQ.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_bNcM.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Sorbus-latifolia_tWJU.jpg ; Sorbus latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_Vb09.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_chE5.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_HfkM.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_dDaV.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_sorL.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_ARwy.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_Yvzd.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_mV5p.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-sativus-isthmocarpus_NP5y.jpg ; Ornithopus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Celtis-australis_lWsJ.jpg ; Celtis australis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_gP2A.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_aD1X.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_D9Dz.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_WNQ9.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_CnHL.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_dCqk.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_CrcM.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-villosum_ezMS.jpg ; Solanum villosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_SOK7.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_ZzsW.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_hlVi.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_XzUW.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_tVHn.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_MFcA.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_Wm5p.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_RVjK.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-sceleratus_R2YU.jpg ; Ranunculus sceleratus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-claviculata_jvKt.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_uIy0.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Succowia-balearica_sv5z.jpg ; Succowia balearica
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_9FZD.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-neglecta_9gnW.jpg ; Malva neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-arvensis_dbWu.jpg ; Stachys arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_H0nH.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_3lPi.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_sGTk.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_dHZI.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_iojn.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_DABo.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_ywRQ.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Corylus-avellana_bZuK.jpg ; Corylus avellana
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_ojoW.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_oy6z.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_paMz.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_-T2G.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_J2oz.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_533T.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_N2hR.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_sfIj.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-littorea_VN1b.jpg ; Malcolmia littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-paucinervis_YMsD.jpg ; Aristolochia paucinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-azoricum_M75D.jpg ; Ophioglossum azoricum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bufonius_SqQB.jpg ; Juncus bufonius
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_NA2I.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_Gflk.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_hYe_.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-acre_eRq_.jpg ; Sedum acre
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_0eYW.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_pz2k.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-disperma_d6dX.jpg ; Vicia disperma
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_tuRv.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_a4JM.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_U9cF.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_KqzE.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_Fmvq.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_mVuG.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Ammophila-arenaria-arundinacea_WZNr.jpg ; Ammophila arenaria
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_EpYV.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_Bn6a.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Anacamptis-pyramidalis_gax2.jpg ; Anacamptis pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-pratense-pratense_PSZW.jpg ; Trifolium pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_gQI3.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_nwh-.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_pjO2.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_Z1UW.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_Ze15.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_P35B.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_FoAz.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-perfoliatus_Jtbd.jpg ; Potamogeton perfoliatus
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_5sxY.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_Kwuh.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_XHAL.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_eGlZ.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-alsine_1cqr.jpg ; Stellaria alsine
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-affinis-affinis_qYFX.jpg ; Dryopteris affinis
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_IkDI.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_IrHT.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_Y9gm.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_Jh0l.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Galinsoga-parviflora_bnPX.jpg ; Galinsoga parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_DU7D.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Amelanchier-ovalis-ovalis_GLHB.jpg ; Amelanchier ovalis
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_zVpH.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-officinalis-officinalis_wP__.jpg ; Valeriana officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_UdHl.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_Il-g.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_nL9d.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-origanifolium_W9kK.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_zcRt.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_Ps2N.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_cs-N.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_wFVn.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_fy4w.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_9bVZ.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_rqK-.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Rosmarinus-officinalis_mjpS.jpg ; Rosmarinus officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-pseudonarcissus-nobilis_wo8R.jpg ; Narcissus pseudonarcissus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_dcZI.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_YNTU.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Anagyris-foetida_d7PG.jpg ; Anagyris foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_MdCW.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-salicina-aspera_bX-q.jpg ; Inula salicina
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_CIsG.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_BTLC.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_1YF0.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-anagalloides-anagalloides_xfk9.jpg ; Veronica anagalloides
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_W5OD.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-onopteris_46v5.jpg ; Asplenium onopteris
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_UlNR.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_Yi6W.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-minor_ViNl.jpg ; Orobanche minor
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_pJMB.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_dvtV.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_Kf2V.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_RMxG.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Blechnum-spicant-spicant_Ydnt.jpg ; Blechnum spicant
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_dEwm.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_Syp0.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_txoV.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_nvOk.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_orjC.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostemma-githago_l4pa.jpg ; Agrostemma githago
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_d4i4.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_CZmY.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-europaeus-latebracteatus_x7xC.jpg ; Ulex europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_GZMs.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_cSbD.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-angulatus_bWZ5.jpg ; Senecio angulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Echinaria-capitata_iI0y.jpg ; Echinaria capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-campestre_8DYX.jpg ; Trifolium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_yZlg.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-tournefortiana_8YqK.jpg ; Malva tournefortiana
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_hAwk.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_PKM9.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_9vQo.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_Yu8Y.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_fizK.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_2QjK.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris__Ywo.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_8iw1.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_wu6d.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_SWGu.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_U08O.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_0bWA.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea__fEa.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_GFDV.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_usVp.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_lMG3.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-judaica_I-hO.jpg ; Parietaria judaica
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_nZx1.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_wb2Y.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_FCQU.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_hbJ5.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_rn78.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_AfJC.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_ekF_.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima_hqwl.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_sVHY.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_UVyz.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_lFR7.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_u5z6.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_-fI1.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_Bc7v.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_Kscs.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_4iSK.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_YQwf.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_VXEs.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_uil4.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_U3gc.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_4g-4.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_UXNr.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_AOap.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_rwLi.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-neapolitanum_N-oh.jpg ; Allium neapolitanum
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_lypl.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_BLYx.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-pentandra_lday.jpg ; Spergula pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-tingitanus_JNXJ.jpg ; Lathyrus tingitanus
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima_HpUO.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_oMnA.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_-yeI.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_dpIQ.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_tDXQ.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_fsC7.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_9njJ.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_Rs78.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-hirta_xJid.jpg ; Linaria hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_QQ78.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-isthmocarpum_jLsn.jpg ; Trifolium isthmocarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_jxev.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_Qfo6.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_lrCC.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_iMOC.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_ky2n.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_zm63.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_SAJG.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_fUuw.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_TZ1N.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_1GPy.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_oZ6_.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_IWC2.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-claviculata_cezK.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_dl2q.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-ramosissima-globularis_iJKf.jpg ; Myosotis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_cRp4.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_7PI3.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_cQgc.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_glc7.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_OCRu.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Pulmonaria-longifolia_bLIl.jpg ; Pulmonaria longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_gM16.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-monspeliensis_O5OL.jpg ; Polypogon monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_p6v0.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_edoG.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_5ihV.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-effusus_QUDq.jpg ; Cynosurus effusus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_xrO_.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-equisetiforme_Ukvi.jpg ; Polygonum equisetiforme
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris_NgwN.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-vulgaris_kZn1.jpg ; Barbarea vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-vulgaris-vulgaris_sp0D.jpg ; Silene vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_koys.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Mesembryanthemum-nodiflorum_nbkD.jpg ; Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_3TfR.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_xgsk.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_4_Oe.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_hZZg.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_Wg81.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-elata_uYoz.jpg ; Carex elata
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_hNVq.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_dEDn.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_wvO_.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-cinerea_EYTx.jpg ; Erica cinerea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-glomeratum_jHm5.jpg ; Trifolium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_IYH6.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-pulchrum_hg-J.jpg ; Hypericum pulchrum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_VJLj.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_p76S.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_yd_5.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_3hmR.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_keg3.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Tamarix-africana_fs2O.jpg ; Tamarix africana
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_4FwZ.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_p3e1.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia__B1m.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_-a2b.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-maritima-sabularia_HzBj.jpg ; Jasione maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_aMfR.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_-f0Z.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_szbP.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-binervis_7xgW.jpg ; Carex binervis
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_oGKY.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_4HpJ.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_ZNng.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_AzkB.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_HkfI.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_t-mD.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_sZdZ.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_hKA8.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-conimbricensis_wIhG.jpg ; Lotus conimbricensis
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-sylvaticus_Zz1X.jpg ; Senecio sylvaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_iH40.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_2F1q.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_ObPx.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_9jhX.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_ksxh.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-subvillosum_p1gF.jpg ; Allium subvillosum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_O-bs.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_WQZU.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_XcEp.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_QkHM.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_KAJE.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_xeff.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_0UbW.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_GPQ0.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_4D-U.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_2J9V.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_6Jb9.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_QnWa.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_HX1c.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_JNHc.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_JYCw.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_YtHN.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_Qw_1.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_F-yC.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_xIre.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_dMRy.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_TmLv.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_1YzC.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_1fQg.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_Son4.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_C1_b.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_Wu8x.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_VyHW.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_ubiB.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_cY8M.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_kuM-.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Cichorium-intybus_bm6O.jpg ; Cichorium intybus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_ZezS.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_YRLk.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_FcuW.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_6t-C.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Dipsacus-fullonum_cI5H.jpg ; Dipsacus fullonum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_X8BL.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_nTXE.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_uHkA.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_ixM3.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_NpwA.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_b4Mq.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-lusitanica_dhyY.jpg ; Erica lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-hybridum_As3B.jpg ; Lamium hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_5mnD.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_4Iy-.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_orGl.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_Cn5P.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-aristatum-aristatum_zTzw.jpg ; Anthoxanthum aristatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_qf33.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-tournefortii_w8pR.jpg ; Brassica tournefortii
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-amplexicaule_1mhG.jpg ; Sedum amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_rII2.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_gGEm.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_Y2o7.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_CUJ7.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_81us.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_NpHZ.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_f11G.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_WJjx.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_7H3g.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Anogramma-leptophylla_Igx3.jpg ; Anogramma leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_mjuR.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_Tc2i.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_TAyk.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_1_Pm.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_rPRm.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_3Lxc.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_CJ-h.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_iD61.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_IMYK.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-perennis_9-6U.jpg ; Mercurialis perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_p_zU.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-triloba-gracilima_ozqn.jpg ; Malcolmia triloba
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_irwP.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_xifk.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_x4qk.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-emersum-emersum_woaH.jpg ; Sparganium emersum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_4fvo.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_5hiZ.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_cxNe.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-periclymenum_FPNy.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_maq_.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_M7XV.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-lycioides-oleoides_cJLc.jpg ; Rhamnus lycioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-runcinatum_NdPi.jpg ; Sisymbrium runcinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_F3e2.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-anglicum_EaZ4.jpg ; Sedum anglicum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-hirsuta_wyLb.jpg ; Vicia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_p9ex.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_xImB.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-oxycedrus-oxycedrus_Clec.jpg ; Juniperus oxycedrus
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-maritimum_u6PU.jpg ; Triglochin maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-planisiliqua_JO9f.jpg ; Arabis planisiliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-arborescens_eAiw.jpg ; Viola arborescens
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_7Nt-.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_BrZN.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis_XqDt.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_6UKI.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_mE9m.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-vulgare_eb_g.jpg ; Polypodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_J4oj.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_5ESp.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_onch.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_agtm.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_mAX6.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_xLiR.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_NFuQ.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_fdUP.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_C-t5.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-latifolia_1rUt.jpg ; Oxalis latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_Bnpr.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_i_G3.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_WV3A.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-pulverulenta_-OTb.jpg ; Frankenia pulverulenta
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_pUug.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_UO85.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_0Hab.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis_cOGx.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_f3pY.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_77Do.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_i37A.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_efqy.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_iUv9.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_FM0t.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_zrtv.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hirta_F-IT.jpg ; Carex hirta
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-roseum_grQq.jpg ; Allium roseum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_ogBR.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_ugIR.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_yzx9.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_PR1B.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Gennaria-diphylla_OUqy.jpg ; Gennaria diphylla
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_wdMh.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Withania-frutescens_pceq.jpg ; Withania frutescens
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_bdjJ.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_XhoC.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-rugosum_tyQ0.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_-S_O.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_fjbq.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_-Jvd.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypecoum-imberbe_Xecb.jpg ; Hypecoum imberbe
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_QyzZ.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_uLdP.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_gKJ5.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_8TsS.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Davallia-canariensis_9-f5.jpg ; Davallia canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_x5Od.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_WCpj.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_wBnH.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-bulbosa_HUDW.jpg ; Poa bulbosa
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-pulegium_K32N.jpg ; Mentha pulegium
http://flora-on.pt/Pteridium-aquilinum-aquilinum_ookh.jpg ; Pteridium aquilinum
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_aU5N.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-pyrenaica_4B6g.jpg ; Quercus pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-calycinum_aGSM.jpg ; Misopates calycinum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_CO9F.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_dAbq.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_S4pH.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_X9nM.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_GOLN.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_2MO-.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-dioica_VSCQ.jpg ; Silene dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_piEn.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-neglecta_tysw.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_AyjF.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_6eWG.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_0OIU.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_c4VR.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_4u72.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_8hzx.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Parietaria-lusitanica-lusitanica_c9BY.jpg ; Parietaria lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_8emm.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Corylus-avellana_j5rd.jpg ; Corylus avellana
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_l2Cz.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Myriophyllum-alterniflorum_t81b.jpg ; Myriophyllum alterniflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_hOKh.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_bLPR.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_verC.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_CXkR.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-victorialis_0B8Q.jpg ; Allium victorialis
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea__l40.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-elata__mr6.jpg ; Dactylorhiza elata
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-acre_51uv.jpg ; Sedum acre
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-chalepensis_lwIM.jpg ; Ruta chalepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_L3K8.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-crispus_7fOG.jpg ; Potamogeton crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-palustris_6dEw.jpg ; Stachys palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_eCEL.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-interjectum_fAAZ.jpg ; Polypodium interjectum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-tomentosum_QrPA.jpg ; Trifolium tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Erucastrum-nasturtiifolium-nasturtiifolium_u5Cz.jpg ; Erucastrum nasturtiifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Conium-maculatum_mcAA.jpg ; Conium maculatum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-bulbocodium_qjM7.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_nQsk.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_UdQr.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-palustris_BzGF.jpg ; Stachys palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_Ujgi.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_dKdv.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-brachycarpum_kVh2.jpg ; Epilobium brachycarpum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_DEJq.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_EMDY.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_Bv6e.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-scordium-scordium_52YB.jpg ; Teucrium scordium
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_SQD6.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_nopA.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_gV8o.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_tIt1.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_I9S2.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_Nmu-.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Cakile-maritima_nwQi.jpg ; Cakile maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_2spt.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_2Jcg.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_tKaw.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_C7vN.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_QMsx.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_8Dpp.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_Dm1s.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_GSJd.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_lzzJ.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_82Im.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_7hpE.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_9Zmu.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_hnZi.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-dubium_rNJa.jpg ; Papaver dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_x2P0.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_ZZ23.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-palustris_C7UE.jpg ; Eleocharis palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-tetralix_qMie.jpg ; Erica tetralix
http://flora-on.pt/Mollugo-verticillata_3Mjs.jpg ; Mollugo verticillata
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_zpcg.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-scutellata_axcV.jpg ; Veronica scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_VudQ.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_Nh38.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_RvRL.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_oVBz.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-tazetta-tazetta_JTr5.jpg ; Narcissus tazetta
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_W-yK.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-nodosus-nodosus_cj2L.jpg ; Potamogeton nodosus
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_uUsW.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_jnZj.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_6bRN.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_C6nx.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-simplex_Rlhv.jpg ; Alyssum simplex
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-aquatica_Ei0D.jpg ; Mentha aquatica
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_lZUR.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_AQIA.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-nemorum_jw2I.jpg ; Lysimachia nemorum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_85Ur.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_IyBZ.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_UoiM.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_urd0.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Kundmannia-sicula_z-ro.jpg ; Kundmannia sicula
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_nQrk.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_160L.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_XYb4.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-iva_urxa.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_zq-B.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_7Lxc.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_I6Mg.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-multifida_gfSX.jpg ; Lavandula multifida
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_0Hd9.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-verlotiorum_6ZkN.jpg ; Artemisia verlotiorum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_gLO_.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_qZ-_.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-lineatus__Tm4.jpg ; Convolvulus lineatus
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_4EEa.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-virgatum_sSoE.jpg ; Limonium virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_s1Ad.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_mJ6u.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_vs5z.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-spartea_NJIY.jpg ; Linaria spartea
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_C1l3.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_dDxb.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Pittosporum-undulatum_I2eL.jpg ; Pittosporum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_k0Gg.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_IdBN.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_d_R7.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-germanica_GSnB.jpg ; Stachys germanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_P-jv.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_3LDR.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-sempervirens_-Ifp.jpg ; Rosa sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_yBuF.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_WMHe.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Ludwigia-palustris_qRS8.jpg ; Ludwigia palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_ap4B.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-ragusina_h36w.jpg ; Andryala ragusina
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_-Pey.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_hfFm.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_AqRA.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_8vMz.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_v5MJ.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_xRUx.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_boyP.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_BVup.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_Gxpk.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-sativus-isthmocarpus_uJD5.jpg ; Ornithopus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-maritimus_J179.jpg ; Juncus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_gpNH.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_Jg7_.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Tropaeolum-majus_4x3X.jpg ; Tropaeolum majus
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_2SK0.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_n1Ti.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_GNVH.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_xWBC.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_sfez.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_OJNt.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_RGIU.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-bufonius_c9q2.jpg ; Juncus bufonius
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_c0Eq.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_NlXb.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_VW0p.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_COsV.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_cZLd.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-purpureum_Dqsd.jpg ; Lamium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_tAHQ.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_ZqX4.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_UThA.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_2Tlp.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_SNaW.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-lucidum-lucidum_-1CK.jpg ; Galium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_zEQO.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_txBj.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Polycarpon-tetraphyllum-diphyllum_e9xb.jpg ; Polycarpon tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_pVp6.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_w1Lw.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_xTGf.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_mRnI.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosella-angiocarpus_dHdu.jpg ; Rumex acetosella
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-esculentus_Igxz.jpg ; Cyperus esculentus
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-albus_c0ZU.jpg ; Melilotus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla__1wG.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_AIui.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_9EPV.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_0k_k.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_t_Vr.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_44u4.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_l7SE.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_PWn1.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_Mlc4.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_R8_n.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_S8Zl.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Lolium-rigidum-rigidum_kYxy.jpg ; Lolium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_BHcN.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_o7e4.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Gaudinia-fragilis_TXh9.jpg ; Gaudinia fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_r-Hr.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_EkEQ.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_JgwU.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_jUnv.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-rotundifolium_Y2JQ.jpg ; Galium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_x8hf.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_fk7k.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_2Hfx.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_klbw.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_kgFr.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_d6aj.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Prunella-grandiflora_E2v5.jpg ; Prunella grandiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_2q_v.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_QCW1.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_Ypu6.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_dvkU.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_DS2E.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_7zlv.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_tyQ0.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_0v2q.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Epipactis-helleborine-helleborine_UdJY.jpg ; Epipactis helleborine
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-fluitans_pXjB.jpg ; Isolepis fluitans
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_mHZe.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_lmrv.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_gTbs.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_I5tR.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_TTBG.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_KqLy.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_eJ7-.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_NuLU.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_11tZ.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_D6U7.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_qQ0x.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_ymyK.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-vulgare_alGT.jpg ; Echium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_cxfa.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_ltP9.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_iDAM.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_srTJ.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-acanthium-acanthium_ORZf.jpg ; Onopordum acanthium
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_CddO.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_778f.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_YCrn.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_pSyY.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_3i5d.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Apium-graveolens_cfU-.jpg ; Apium graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_Wurr.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_W5J1.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_rkEr.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Cornus-sanguinea-sanguinea_kObg.jpg ; Cornus sanguinea
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_Gj5c.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_jpRo.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_qLEy.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-procumbens_vloE.jpg ; Fumana procumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_j1tK.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_4pWO.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_92ku.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-montana_gEbI.jpg ; Ruta montana
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_2HTt.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_zVdd.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_W0ZD.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_m3hr.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_3xai.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_GSdf.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_2Sfu.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_hNC-.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_35HT.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_CnZd.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_1wU9.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_8RYy.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-schoenoprasum_xjlE.jpg ; Allium schoenoprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-nemorosa_HBwc.jpg ; Anemone nemorosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_CQA3.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_9mwQ.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_f3X4.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_YLHU.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_rFKV.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_GCTl.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_j90t.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-hirsutum-hirsutum_d_AP.jpg ; Sedum hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_fm2k.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_6c5m.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Gentiana-pneumonanthe_0hPq.jpg ; Gentiana pneumonanthe
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_5rdY.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-cernua_1-Bl.jpg ; Isolepis cernua
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nutans-nutans_enuj.jpg ; Silene nutans
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_IwZh.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_LDSv.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_yThD.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_MUH7.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_xvG6.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_v4Xo.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-acutus_W8Se.jpg ; Juncus acutus
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_fnuD.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_2Fvc.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima_0sJL.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_bXvQ.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_zfz8.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_NzBA.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_yoS1.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-cambricum-cambricum_etxl.jpg ; Polypodium cambricum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_A111.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-squarrosus_KIun.jpg ; Bromus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_lg3U.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_H-mP.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_xCoI.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-arvensis__ErS.jpg ; Sinapis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_NN1N.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_vv1j.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-roseus_WTAo.jpg ; Rumex roseus
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_sxRR.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Pteris-vittata_vyy9.jpg ; Pteris vittata
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_ss8a.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_ccRx.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_MqW9.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_Tj3n.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_SXlo.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_-Ucl.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_2AN4.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_laU-.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_HpxF.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_ygJ2.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus_GxS9.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_F0wn.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_AuCp.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-arvensis_PMy1.jpg ; Spergula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_LKW-.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-spinosa_adYp.jpg ; Prunus spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_OTeg.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-chenopodioides_TPzq.jpg ; Solanum chenopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_F26Y.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_GIUK.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_gi3h.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_zseZ.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_emNA.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_ngPg.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cuscuta-campestris_H1HY.jpg ; Cuscuta campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_86bV.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-molle_PItA.jpg ; Geranium molle
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_hP5S.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_xkeJ.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-annuus_ZeXV.jpg ; Lathyrus annuus
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_bhvG.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_Ffjn.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_hEx7.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_Lb36.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_eMNZ.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-tillaea_pPZS.jpg ; Crassula tillaea
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_Nm9b.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-ciliata_Nj-N.jpg ; Silene ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_cRwK.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_J6lB.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_fDl6.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_tv1B.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_9GlJ.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_s-gT.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_fRgb.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_aI3x.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_KyIA.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_m4l1.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_5ueM.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_-o6k.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rhododendron-ponticum-baeticum_lCrk.jpg ; Rhododendron ponticum
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_vdYX.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_zfw8.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_0I-Y.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-laxa-caespitosa_jibq.jpg ; Myosotis laxa
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-pseudoiva_7lm8.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Cleonia-lusitanica_wiFz.jpg ; Cleonia lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ammoides-pusilla_XIC8.jpg ; Ammoides pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_V39S.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_taGc.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_WOZr.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_KyIF.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_ZGb1.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_-MTt.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Pteris-vittata_uDMI.jpg ; Pteris vittata
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_RRwK.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum_W5KO.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-carota_ZocB.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_hJ2G.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_Fysx.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_Iwrm.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-acre_ZZpE.jpg ; Sedum acre
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_RRUv.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_eSda.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_ZqgD.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-foetidum_dRA1.jpg ; Helichrysum foetidum
http://flora-on.pt/Koeleria-vallesiana-vallesiana_rpsk.jpg ; Koeleria vallesiana
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-neapolitanum_Wkqg.jpg ; Allium neapolitanum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_NFKI.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_DvOr.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-incarnatum_O6K4.jpg ; Trifolium incarnatum
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_OXBc.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_kZZP.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_m2bs.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_DoN2.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_2nzk.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_wC-y.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-laevigata_hl0e.jpg ; Carex laevigata
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-vernus_2_fB.jpg ; Odontites vernus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_4fOB.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-italica_elK1.jpg ; Orchis italica
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_KECb.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima_HixG.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-mahaleb_UFmt.jpg ; Prunus mahaleb
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_zFg3.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_3JWW.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Salpichroa-origanifolia_ZqFN.jpg ; Salpichroa origanifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_a86Q.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-telonensis_shRb.jpg ; Adenocarpus telonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_CDB3.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_5LXC.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Ulmus-minor_As-m.jpg ; Ulmus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Cistanche-phelypaea_osH0.jpg ; Cistanche phelypaea
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_UNjG.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_wtuD.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_LgvL.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_zZXb.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Anthriscus-sylvestris_woOQ.jpg ; Anthriscus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-ledifolium_6eKM.jpg ; Helianthemum ledifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_uBbU.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_wUNl.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_oZrn.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_LNQ5.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Halimione-portulacoides_uUm6.jpg ; Halimione portulacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_0jT3.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_hCaz.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_WoKh.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-humilis_2cp_.jpg ; Cynara humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_t3qY.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_0KLW.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_WQgU.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Bolboschoenus-maritimus_x5ZQ.jpg ; Bolboschoenus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-dysenterica_E7UD.jpg ; Pulicaria dysenterica
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_JEvF.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_U5bQ.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_jHzU.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_bDmo.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_Aki2.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_XoON.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_Cjtr.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_lH8C.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-sativus-isthmocarpus_Mp2V.jpg ; Ornithopus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_xHcs.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_I85L.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_h3Ht.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_7wd4.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_YU51.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Lagurus-ovatus__ehY.jpg ; Lagurus ovatus
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_Drn_.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_S9gq.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-hordeaceus_S5Cc.jpg ; Bromus hordeaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_q5Gr.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_goUn.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_jsri.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_QhlR.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_lSAe.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-viscosa-breviflora_pbTT.jpg ; Ononis viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-caerulescens-caerulescens_b29P.jpg ; Artemisia caerulescens
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-strictum_x1bu.jpg ; Trifolium strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Polystichum-setiferum_QeKl.jpg ; Polystichum setiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_4qoJ.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_tnar.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_rycC.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-porrifolius_YBO5.jpg ; Tragopogon porrifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-ochrus_bVHV.jpg ; Lathyrus ochrus
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-nigra_Ye7Y.jpg ; Ballota nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_eicq.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-brutia_XJJT.jpg ; Callitriche brutia
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_ZjBo.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_xRni.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_Glgw.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_tOp6.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_0vIg.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_UHj0.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-purpurea_AD9r.jpg ; Phlomis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Gymnadenia-conopsea_2l91.jpg ; Gymnadenia conopsea
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_-HZS.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_unzL.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_J7-k.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_MNh6.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-vulgare_qqAs.jpg ; Echium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_VMeZ.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_3TQJ.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_CJLB.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-sinuatum_7zMQ.jpg ; Limonium sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_jcAn.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_MXIH.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Taxus-baccata_I3XH.jpg ; Taxus baccata
http://flora-on.pt/Littorella-uniflora_fS10.jpg ; Littorella uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_oRbC.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_Jrzr.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_NEqX.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_75bf.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_G4ui.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_pm26.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_4dLC.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_ruFK.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-supina_E_7m.jpg ; Verbena supina
http://flora-on.pt/Paspalum-dilatatum_98Jo.jpg ; Paspalum dilatatum
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-sabaudum_qCuq.jpg ; Hieracium sabaudum
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_JPqc.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_eUn2.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_ZdYl.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_sEq9.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-tournefortii_QTdH.jpg ; Brassica tournefortii
http://flora-on.pt/Thymbra-capitata_2uEl.jpg ; Thymbra capitata
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_o7G9.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_ItTn.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_e79i.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratocapnos-claviculata-picta__jmO.jpg ; Ceratocapnos claviculata
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_6oc7.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_yQja.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_PjIC.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Bartsia-trixago_fs_y.jpg ; Bartsia trixago
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_sTSY.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Groenlandia-densa_oMAh.jpg ; Groenlandia densa
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_m3Hi.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_e3hY.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-cervina_tYto.jpg ; Mentha cervina
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_PTqi.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_BCRv.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_LjG0.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_ogs7.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-lathyris_CmJm.jpg ; Euphorbia lathyris
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_K26k.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_0nw5.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-humifusum_qaY6.jpg ; Hypericum humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-officinalis-officinalis_aRLl.jpg ; Valeriana officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-aphaca_0hc2.jpg ; Lathyrus aphaca
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_MF7X.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-angustifolius_MqhX.jpg ; Lupinus angustifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-tridactylites_WUM0.jpg ; Saxifraga tridactylites
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_v_JR.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-olusatrum_uBSN.jpg ; Smyrnium olusatrum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_MjGV.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_aNfj.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-origanifolium__2RX.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_YW4n.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-serpyllifolia_0GZ6.jpg ; Polygala serpyllifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_TSbx.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_P7g4.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_072y.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_1xmr.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_m_8R.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-album_tbJZ.jpg ; Sedum album
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_ZY_4.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_rCJ5.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_D5bm.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-spinosa_0R2m.jpg ; Ononis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_lo2g.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Butomus-umbellatus_Oz0h.jpg ; Butomus umbellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_0-z7.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-peltatus_lC84.jpg ; Ranunculus peltatus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_yFVv.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_ER3a.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_fzFm.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_Gq77.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_XG3w.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-luteola_tnrx.jpg ; Reseda luteola
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_Ccj0.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_gi4Y.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_BcjX.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-vitalba_8Dfm.jpg ; Clematis vitalba
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_Q3Vi.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_uVYy.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_P9mf.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_BeEh.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_FzwK.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_gLIR.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-lusitanica-lusitanica_sGkO.jpg ; Prunus lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-amandiana_an5v.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-pumila_UaaE.jpg ; Setaria pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_hUAl.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-media_vQLw.jpg ; Stellaria media
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_H74k.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_gGi2.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_RvAs.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_WI5B.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-extensa_DRd8.jpg ; Carex extensa
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_cQXJ.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-hederifolia_Jg8O.jpg ; Veronica hederifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Achillea-millefolium_UIzw.jpg ; Achillea millefolium
http://flora-on.pt/Koeleria-vallesiana-vallesiana_QQDF.jpg ; Koeleria vallesiana
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_1Tsf.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_FCmy.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-anglicum_8-GK.jpg ; Sedum anglicum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-pulchellum_OcK6.jpg ; Centaurium pulchellum
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_inBe.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_68Si.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-acetosa-acetosa_cUsZ.jpg ; Rumex acetosa
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_L-Eb.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_jYi1.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-pulegium_WzMs.jpg ; Mentha pulegium
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_a50S.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_GCCM.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_20PM.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-vestitus_E6WJ.jpg ; Rubus vestitus
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_Tz9r.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_8Qvp.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_l6bu.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_hfAh.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_cV82.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_xXWc.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Suaeda-vera_XTZP.jpg ; Suaeda vera
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_r2Ca.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_2wmB.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_GzT5.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_jx_k.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-uliginosum_VQGs.jpg ; Vaccinium uliginosum
http://flora-on.pt/Scabiosa-atropurpurea_ELbN.jpg ; Scabiosa atropurpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_53gj.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-dubium__nmX.jpg ; Trifolium dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Theligonum-cynocrambe_oWuB.jpg ; Theligonum cynocrambe
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_c_eN.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-minima-minima_CXki.jpg ; Coronilla minima
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_My6n.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_9qY2.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_mIZR.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-trinervis_Vj_O.jpg ; Carex trinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_NOj3.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_XqW0.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-borysthenicum_J_7F.jpg ; Lythrum borysthenicum
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_ODjT.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_A-xA.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_ebss.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum_c4XA.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-scorpioides_YYPJ.jpg ; Coronilla scorpioides
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_qzTT.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_EyXM.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_PPRK.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_xV-j.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_vj3e.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_Ak1q.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_8ppY.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-bulbocodium_6roC.jpg ; Romulea bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-longus_nQyS.jpg ; Cyperus longus
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_ktKY.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-juncea_F4lW.jpg ; Coronilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_8wg5.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_Bt4c.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Bromus-racemosus_WxZN.jpg ; Bromus racemosus
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-echinulata-echinulata_ALdI.jpg ; Paronychia echinulata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-triphyllos_xiCZ.jpg ; Veronica triphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_NhOK.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_IIfq.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_7ypk.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_l7V9.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_RbKq.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_MGYK.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_NVOr.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_TBD0.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_8_Oj.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_jQrj.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-auriculata_BFrd.jpg ; Biscutella auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_z2Dz.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_0NdJ.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_EfWG.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_MonX.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_zOf2.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_W4yI.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_qR4K.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Wahlenbergia-hederacea_8zz_.jpg ; Wahlenbergia hederacea
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_9N1b.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima_LIuV.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_kkYO.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Misopates-orontium_nkOR.jpg ; Misopates orontium
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_3Yrm.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-dioica_YNXb.jpg ; Urtica dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_uPX6.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica__8Fi.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_K_TT.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-tomentosa_3Nj7.jpg ; Mercurialis tomentosa
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-subterraneum_E7TL.jpg ; Trifolium subterraneum
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_5tBV.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Aphyllanthes-monspeliensis_gASm.jpg ; Aphyllanthes monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_ysn8.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_lFvV.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_eKir.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum_k1WC.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_R5Zx.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-dissectum_uaXJ.jpg ; Geranium dissectum
http://flora-on.pt/Smilax-aspera_HXhX.jpg ; Smilax aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Taxus-baccata_gQl0.jpg ; Taxus baccata
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_A-iz.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-leptophylla_jb5c.jpg ; Torilis leptophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_NLsx.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Solidago-virgaurea_wPWL.jpg ; Solidago virgaurea
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_R1jM.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_zMQa.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_Pu_g.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Leersia-oryzoides_Zeaj.jpg ; Leersia oryzoides
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_bB4U.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_i7ze.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_CEpa.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_Ej06.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_ULz0.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Corydalis-cava-cava_LTjB.jpg ; Corydalis cava
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_YM5r.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_KM8I.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ericetorum_Ok50.jpg ; Allium ericetorum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-cherleri_2nNb.jpg ; Trifolium cherleri
http://flora-on.pt/Laurus-nobilis__bub.jpg ; Laurus nobilis
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_rY3b.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_ToWo.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-lancifolium_9P_a.jpg ; Bupleurum lancifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_RF7l.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-schoenoprasum_Exqp.jpg ; Allium schoenoprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-lactea_qs78.jpg ; Viola lactea
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-riviniana_iLQc.jpg ; Viola riviniana
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_zldB.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_5d1t.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_WIjd.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-sulcatus_AQk5.jpg ; Scorpiurus sulcatus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_Qduc.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_JxvE.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_C2rI.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-ericifolia_NjwO.jpg ; Fumana ericifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Glyceria-declinata_ddlJ.jpg ; Glyceria declinata
http://flora-on.pt/Malus-sylvestris_6hZJ.jpg ; Malus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Beta-macrocarpa_JXx_.jpg ; Beta macrocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-caerulescens-caerulescens_th0W.jpg ; Artemisia caerulescens
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_yb1L.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_oKSq.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_cl4O.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_zNNe.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_2lpv.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_9kkS.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_RfhW.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-laureola_BxAO.jpg ; Daphne laureola
http://flora-on.pt/Xanthium-strumarium_6mzz.jpg ; Xanthium strumarium
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_1JvF.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_oDhR.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Velezia-rigida_2TPy.jpg ; Velezia rigida
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_k42O.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_cCaO.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_Hj3j.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_qVTG.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_jQxM.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-linifolius_Hxjs.jpg ; Lathyrus linifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Exaculum-pusillum_fyk8.jpg ; Exaculum pusillum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_zeoM.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_20F_.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_3S7V.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_77Mu.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_OmTR.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-hirsuta-hirsuta_Dvyf.jpg ; Asperula hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_u8dI.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_LAqI.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Coleostephus-myconis_EISV.jpg ; Coleostephus myconis
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-viridis_qzac.jpg ; Salvia viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_KXK4.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-marina_v-Q7.jpg ; Medicago marina
http://flora-on.pt/Polycnemum-arvense_aadW.jpg ; Polycnemum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_T_bt.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-geniculata_PXIR.jpg ; Aegilops geniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-hirsuta_cxnr.jpg ; Cardamine hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_846c.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_Im_w.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_f-nB.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_XNg-.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-nissolia-glabrescens_BmOS.jpg ; Lathyrus nissolia
http://flora-on.pt/Urospermum-picroides_7KfF.jpg ; Urospermum picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-vineale_LQ8O.jpg ; Allium vineale
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_8yuS.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_y--n.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-halepensis_IZAO.jpg ; Pinus halepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_2I2n.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_4DBK.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_qKWM.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Briza-media_PBPx.jpg ; Briza media
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_n8tY.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_faH0.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_S4k_.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_vlCY.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-angustifolium_Atew.jpg ; Epilobium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-discolor_TCmf.jpg ; Myosotis discolor
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_smLr.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_nOus.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Polypodium-interjectum_RT9h.jpg ; Polypodium interjectum
http://flora-on.pt/Antinoria-agrostidea_TQh0.jpg ; Antinoria agrostidea
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_pNSz.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Nigella-damascena_02Fx.jpg ; Nigella damascena
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_Zd7Y.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-virgatum_t3im.jpg ; Verbascum virgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_kYzF.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_5fyk.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_22z6.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_Yfcf.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Arctotheca-calendula_uThJ.jpg ; Arctotheca calendula
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-cirrhosa_JWBu.jpg ; Kickxia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-bonariensis_FGSx.jpg ; Verbena bonariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_StXK.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_h0ow.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Celtis-australis_5pGY.jpg ; Celtis australis
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_bGsk.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_djMR.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_sKFV.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Veratrum-album_BSQE.jpg ; Veratrum album
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_hWKe.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_EQ9R.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_gmgO.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_0uPV.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_aMfH.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-arvensis_1J7a.jpg ; Ranunculus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-halepensis_3DTD.jpg ; Pinus halepensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_-KBv.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_lkeN.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_EBbz.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_mwlc.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_tYcY.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_A2gP.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_cioE.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_YxI-.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_-zBq.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_qFxe.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_rBRq.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_LChJ.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_Lwlh.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_rRUr.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_6Uyr.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_cNjD.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_WEEI.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_6zr6.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-insularis_0RNq.jpg ; Dactylorhiza insularis
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_-5iA.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-cordigera-cordigera_5kf2.jpg ; Serapias cordigera
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_tMvs.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Tolpis-barbata_2niR.jpg ; Tolpis barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_blK7.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_98io.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_5SXy.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-caespitosum_beoT.jpg ; Sedum caespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Calepina-irregularis_yl52.jpg ; Calepina irregularis
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_3x5L.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_WuRn.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-variegata_33PF.jpg ; Ononis variegata
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_ou9j.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_t1z0.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthoxanthum-odoratum_qHOX.jpg ; Anthoxanthum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_20fZ.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Agrimonia-eupatoria_FfJj.jpg ; Agrimonia eupatoria
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_OKbR.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_cRG0.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-villosum_o-h1.jpg ; Solanum villosum
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_Tlzi.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_Rj3k.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_69Uk.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_u0qb.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_ghg_.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_zhm0.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_B9vA.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_u60K.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_NTz6.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_1Yeq.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Lysimachia-ephemerum_mERe.jpg ; Lysimachia ephemerum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-coronopus_z8ci.jpg ; Plantago coronopus
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-semidecandrum_93T6.jpg ; Cerastium semidecandrum
http://flora-on.pt/Cochlearia-danica_UAit.jpg ; Cochlearia danica
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_91Zw.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_QIZm.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-indicus_dq-L.jpg ; Melilotus indicus
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_z8p5.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_iT-N.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_tWgU.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-hirundinaria__hAY.jpg ; Vincetoxicum hirundinaria
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_1wkE.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Phytolacca-americana_SV8w.jpg ; Phytolacca americana
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-maritimus_Yml8.jpg ; Juncus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_S9dg.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-integrifolia_hP0b.jpg ; Andryala integrifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_-duB.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-scorodonia_0_SQ.jpg ; Scrophularia scorodonia
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-foetidissima_8eEn.jpg ; Iris foetidissima
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_kER2.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_WzIj.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_1brS.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Ulex-minor_gg9E.jpg ; Ulex minor
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-creticum-coincyanum_kEAB.jpg ; Echium creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Platycapnos-spicata_h0iE.jpg ; Platycapnos spicata
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_8AOa.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_oXkY.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_U6QI.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_BEcs.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perforatum_O93W.jpg ; Hypericum perforatum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_cA81.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_8JOo.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_nZn3.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Tuberaria-guttata_2eMi.jpg ; Tuberaria guttata
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_KXWJ.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-glycyphyllos_-qMQ.jpg ; Astragalus glycyphyllos
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_RgQE.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Lapsana-communis-communis_IzfF.jpg ; Lapsana communis
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_ZFiz.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_68XE.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_w4jB.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_2gKi.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Eclipta-prostrata_ayau.jpg ; Eclipta prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_IgSt.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_34yO.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_2uxl.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-mascula_ttyX.jpg ; Orchis mascula
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_Qv_K.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-angustifolia_QmQf.jpg ; Vicia angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_95CA.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-montana_ql_5.jpg ; Valeriana montana
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_Sday.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_RdNn.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Leucanthemum-ircutianum-pseudosylvaticum__FBc.jpg ; Leucanthemum ircutianum
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-gallica_aum-.jpg ; Logfia gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_OBuL.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-erinus_M5cg.jpg ; Campanula erinus
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_VzyT.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_5ptQ.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_VPEE.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Galega-officinalis_kysf.jpg ; Galega officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_yXYm.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_9H6Z.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-palustris-palustris_BVoE.jpg ; Viola palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum-linnaeanum_HESr.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Arrhenatherum-elatius_q22T.jpg ; Arrhenatherum elatius
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_oHgI.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-saxifraga_wcjO.jpg ; Petrorhagia saxifraga
http://flora-on.pt/Aegilops-triuncialis_-QSR.jpg ; Aegilops triuncialis
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-micranthus_wM7R.jpg ; Lupinus micranthus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_hqEw.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_dS_u.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-supina-supina_6KnH.jpg ; Linaria supina
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_sLCn.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_MTvA.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_wEGW.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-latifolius_DW02.jpg ; Lathyrus latifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_emrU.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_8v77.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_40QK.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima_UaX7.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Carthamus-lanatus_EkbH.jpg ; Carthamus lanatus
http://flora-on.pt/Crataegus-monogyna_m9Yc.jpg ; Crataegus monogyna
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_Q8s1.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Tripodion-tetraphyllum_0aG8.jpg ; Tripodion tetraphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Nardus-stricta_Ffb-.jpg ; Nardus stricta
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_5R_S.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_0jLn.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Laurus-nobilis_kGdH.jpg ; Laurus nobilis
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_lR3C.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-trilobus_9bhJ.jpg ; Ranunculus trilobus
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_hlWE.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_opTa.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_L_vq.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-sylvaticum_C5FL.jpg ; Geum sylvaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_qnUv.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon_i2Lt.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_dLcz.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_IWNc.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-chamaedrys_PfBx.jpg ; Teucrium chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-esculentus_wn7Y.jpg ; Cyperus esculentus
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_yT4W.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_UbCm.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_67zu.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_3K_4.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-iberica_rda0.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_7ngV.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_PtX_.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Sambucus-nigra_pM-R.jpg ; Sambucus nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Lobularia-maritima-maritima_y3G8.jpg ; Lobularia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-aspera_ZUtH.jpg ; Centaurea aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_uirn.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_PkcL.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_XNXu.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_pvci.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Lamarckia-aurea_rUmC.jpg ; Lamarckia aurea
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-bellardii_tiqC.jpg ; Plantago bellardii
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-bullatus_uu1T.jpg ; Ranunculus bullatus
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-apulum_LM0S.jpg ; Tordylium apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Gratiola-officinalis_9ZJj.jpg ; Gratiola officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_kOMk.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_aStb.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Baldellia-repens-cavanillesii_dWYf.jpg ; Baldellia repens
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_Yg7v.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_-8Dl.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_LHc8.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_CVLI.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_EczW.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-difformis_bleB.jpg ; Cyperus difformis
http://flora-on.pt/Wolffia-arrhiza_v5nv.jpg ; Wolffia arrhiza
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-segetalis_ZQ6u.jpg ; Euphorbia segetalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_lmUq.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_pbC9.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_2-CI.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_GFXw.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_fqld.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-laevipes_bokb.jpg ; Cruciata laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-terebinthus_OKIS.jpg ; Pistacia terebinthus
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_RmaZ.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-hirsuta_2uEr.jpg ; Sideritis hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-epiglottis_YZNA.jpg ; Astragalus epiglottis
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_zetB.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-bifidum__VU3.jpg ; Lamium bifidum
http://flora-on.pt/Pteris-vittata_W7Z9.jpg ; Pteris vittata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_Bvx-.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_gkL6.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_5OjU.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_HjKm.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Buxus-sempervirens_FMZD.jpg ; Buxus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-campestris_Nd_b.jpg ; Luzula campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_yAa4.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_Cf61.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Rubia-peregrina_eTkg.jpg ; Rubia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Pyrus-cordata_TaVk.jpg ; Pyrus cordata
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_8xvW.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_PQU9.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_f3sr.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divisa_zQha.jpg ; Carex divisa
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-sylvestris-sylvestris_eLkc.jpg ; Rorippa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Fallopia-convolvulus_H_DB.jpg ; Fallopia convolvulus
http://flora-on.pt/Chaetonychia-cymosa_3Ipp.jpg ; Chaetonychia cymosa
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_jDAD.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_8XpW.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_d4xA.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Pittosporum-undulatum_W3D_.jpg ; Pittosporum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_hmJa.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verrucosum-verrucosum_xDel.jpg ; Galium verrucosum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_WQFc.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_tGj-.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-vulgaris_D-EG.jpg ; Pinguicula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_dtdp.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_3N9v.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Melica-ciliata-magnolii_MJwO.jpg ; Melica ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-striatum_zo6x.jpg ; Trifolium striatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_Rhm0.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_40Y9.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_thwD.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-palustris_mbXc.jpg ; Rorippa palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_A-eG.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Tribulus-terrestris_lOte.jpg ; Tribulus terrestris
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-pyrenaicum-lusitanicum_Z-l_.jpg ; Geranium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Lamium-amplexicaule_bCex.jpg ; Lamium amplexicaule
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_b8Gk.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-secunda_N7y6.jpg ; Myosotis secunda
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_9YZm.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Pinguicula-lusitanica_p66j.jpg ; Pinguicula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-serraria_Pba-.jpg ; Plantago serraria
http://flora-on.pt/Hydrangea-macrophylla_qcVq.jpg ; Hydrangea macrophylla
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-glabra_kcH_.jpg ; Herniaria glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_7WKw.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_j3IY.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_uPR4.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_c_Gb.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrella-aspera-aspera_eNpw.jpg ; Sisymbrella aspera
http://flora-on.pt/Trichophorum-cespitosum_SpDx.jpg ; Trichophorum cespitosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_LSvE.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_1qm9.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-ciliaris_t-70.jpg ; Erica ciliaris
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_nZQi.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Illecebrum-verticillatum_xZDZ.jpg ; Illecebrum verticillatum
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_lRKB.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Succisa-pratensis_4otK.jpg ; Succisa pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_5k4q.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_HcEB.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-maritima-maritima_M-D3.jpg ; Armeria maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_oLzY.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_T83r.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_osoh.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_Oait.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_rCWq.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-natrix_6Z61.jpg ; Ononis natrix
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_CA4Z.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_Bjg4.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-scutellata_1A45.jpg ; Medicago scutellata
http://flora-on.pt/Filago-pyramidata_9DIc.jpg ; Filago pyramidata
http://flora-on.pt/Corrigiola-telephiifolia_7j-z.jpg ; Corrigiola telephiifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_IEw2.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-angustifolia_Eg_W.jpg ; Crucianella angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_EZOl.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-rectum_-fq4.jpg ; Dorycnium rectum
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-pyramidalis-meonantha_xASu.jpg ; Ajuga pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_e4-h.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_pg-n.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-viscosa_PjUL.jpg ; Parentucellia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Silybum-marianum_edEa.jpg ; Silybum marianum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-graminea_zPI-.jpg ; Stellaria graminea
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_jHuX.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Chelidonium-majus_WdVz.jpg ; Chelidonium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Osyris-alba_5r7t.jpg ; Osyris alba
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_7d57.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_eXOW.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_ixMV.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_2eFG.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-trigynum-trigynum_yOtq.jpg ; Linum trigynum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_-Sff.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-sylvestris_xIkl.jpg ; Bellis sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_IBbp.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_2lFA.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lomelosia-stellata_Tfo0.jpg ; Lomelosia stellata
http://flora-on.pt/Woodwardia-radicans_UjvA.jpg ; Woodwardia radicans
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-pentaphyllum_r46c.jpg ; Dorycnium pentaphyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-nodosa_kp4_.jpg ; Sagina nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_qlPe.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_BoFG.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_HBVk.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-coronata_TnYG.jpg ; Valerianella coronata
http://flora-on.pt/Crithmum-maritimum_Wl_n.jpg ; Crithmum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_BTio.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-foetida-foetida_JP3Z.jpg ; Crepis foetida
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_bd0j.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-reptans_Fp-o.jpg ; Ajuga reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_rn3z.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Molinia-caerulea_Ddpf.jpg ; Molinia caerulea
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_nish.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_6Ctn.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_sdfe.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_1Oz3.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_8yU-.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_83ul.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_-LNI.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_AUc5.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Moenchia-erecta_9hDN.jpg ; Moenchia erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-rubens_JvDa.jpg ; Sedum rubens
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-fruticosa_rBhz.jpg ; Sarcocornia fruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_1hyS.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-verum-verum_lX7O.jpg ; Galium verum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_hgcS.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-crocifolius-crocifolius_BlTn.jpg ; Tragopogon crocifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_UdME.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudarrhenatherum-longifolium_RLEn.jpg ; Pseudarrhenatherum longifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_M5Ag.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_MUjg.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_zw9p.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_3hGY.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_wCOh.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-virosa_q68n.jpg ; Lactuca virosa
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_3ELH.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sativus_344O.jpg ; Lathyrus sativus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-exigua_Seyq.jpg ; Euphorbia exigua
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_jkXj.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-fistulosus_3BoM.jpg ; Asphodelus fistulosus
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_zYUh.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_o4wm.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_UyRz.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-cristatus_KeZP.jpg ; Cynosurus cristatus
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_QpuE.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pubescens_LxXV.jpg ; Ononis pubescens
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_qRH8.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_RUCp.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-armeria-armeria__Xv-.jpg ; Dianthus armeria
http://flora-on.pt/Setaria-parviflora_xUI5.jpg ; Setaria parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_uuNW.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_1lI5.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_nck_.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-pratensis-pratensis_Lr04.jpg ; Cardamine pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_dwHV.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-papyraceus_oZKD.jpg ; Narcissus papyraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-comosum_m946.jpg ; Muscari comosum
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-arvensis_ThoN.jpg ; Calendula arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_sAzD.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_zqEt.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_WZc8.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-pulchrum_FeiY.jpg ; Hypericum pulchrum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-characias-characias_AW-F.jpg ; Euphorbia characias
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_E4vm.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens__yNq.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Carlina-vulgaris_Gi9b.jpg ; Carlina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_K_zN.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_EDzJ.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_2kJ3.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerinthe-major_2UOx.jpg ; Cerinthe major
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_2sfK.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_AAEk.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_Ry6_.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-rotundifolium_ZEjv.jpg ; Geranium rotundifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_lcy-.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_uWzq.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Montia-fontana_Aicc.jpg ; Montia fontana
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_xC79.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-dubium_Qwdb.jpg ; Trifolium dubium
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_n3xX.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-parviflorum_ih7p.jpg ; Epilobium parviflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_dXQl.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_A5AX.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_-a7S.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_4qBD.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-villosum_bHFp.jpg ; Solanum villosum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-ruber_tTGr.jpg ; Cytinus ruber
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-somniferum-somniferum_OT3M.jpg ; Papaver somniferum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-leucanthum_8Sk7.jpg ; Trifolium leucanthum
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-pyrenaeum_naHM.jpg ; Conopodium pyrenaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-ramosus-distalis_biTw.jpg ; Asphodelus ramosus
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_LPXf.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_JYzO.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_KEgs.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Crassula-vaillantii_fCRc.jpg ; Crassula vaillantii
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_XgDp.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_EsDu.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_7t3J.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_zasZ.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Micropyrum-tenellum_Lsx3.jpg ; Micropyrum tenellum
http://flora-on.pt/Monotropa-hypopitys_Fefe.jpg ; Monotropa hypopitys
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_Pw7C.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_jl-B.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_jbHa.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-pratense-bertolonii_7yjL.jpg ; Phleum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Mentha-suaveolens_GBIn.jpg ; Mentha suaveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis__-zv.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-telonensis_jV87.jpg ; Adenocarpus telonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_Ufne.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-populifolius_v61m.jpg ; Cistus populifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-ramiflora-ramiflora_qNsG.jpg ; Romulea ramiflora
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_IC_d.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_Uf3L.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_XWgo.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Galeopsis-tetrahit-tetrahit_BefW.jpg ; Galeopsis tetrahit
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_EOqP.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_MxhM.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia__za0.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_5Qj3.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_eC4H.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_hST7.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_4g-A.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-serotinus_-npN.jpg ; Narcissus serotinus
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-arvense_SG2M.jpg ; Equisetum arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_lpqs.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-pseudacorus_7afa.jpg ; Iris pseudacorus
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_8DLe.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-ornithopodioides_3Da4.jpg ; Trifolium ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_mZEo.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-rupestre_vRHO.jpg ; Phagnalon rupestre
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_0PHj.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_0sXF.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_6ylI.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_o4v4.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_gxBk.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_JG1q.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Centranthus-calcitrapae-calcitrapae_xeDb.jpg ; Centranthus calcitrapae
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_zMpj.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_yiQ1.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-parviflorus_exjr.jpg ; Ranunculus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_Umqu.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-giganteum-martinezii_as4J.jpg ; Verbascum giganteum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_WfBr.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_ITbJ.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-multiflorus_-RNy.jpg ; Cytisus multiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_NOcx.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_xmho.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_u1m7.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_QTga.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-crocata_7D6z.jpg ; Oenanthe crocata
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-viminea_cbDO.jpg ; Lactuca viminea
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_yits.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_qstO.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea_R0Ww.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_Jw3A.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_jM_c.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-nocturna_B1uL.jpg ; Silene nocturna
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_syAW.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_WlA5.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_QoUi.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_GOKm.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_cOKG.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-glabra_FNr1.jpg ; Hypochaeris glabra
http://flora-on.pt/Cynara-cardunculus_KjBR.jpg ; Cynara cardunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-azoricum_Xrhr.jpg ; Ophioglossum azoricum
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_3KQn.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Lupinus-luteus_qvci.jpg ; Lupinus luteus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_iKXo.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-rapunculus_h829.jpg ; Campanula rapunculus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_KtF6.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Cynoglossum-creticum_-srM.jpg ; Cynoglossum creticum
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_ftPT.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-vulgaris_BPj3.jpg ; Filipendula vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-squarrosus_-XZY.jpg ; Juncus squarrosus
http://flora-on.pt/Exaculum-pusillum_CTyH.jpg ; Exaculum pusillum
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_8wP9.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_15F7.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-incanus-nummularioides_Cks6.jpg ; Astragalus incanus
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-hyssopifolius-hyssopifolius_sO-L.jpg ; Dianthus hyssopifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-cymbalaria_6BGB.jpg ; Veronica cymbalaria
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_IsHg.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Pilularia-minuta_q2Rg.jpg ; Pilularia minuta
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-laurifolius_8uiM.jpg ; Cistus laurifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Eleocharis-multicaulis_a51p.jpg ; Eleocharis multicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-sinuatum_bBFo.jpg ; Verbascum sinuatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinaster_kaz6.jpg ; Pinus pinaster
http://flora-on.pt/Scutellaria-minor_1B3L.jpg ; Scutellaria minor
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_4Gf9.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_5JAR.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_CgcA.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_hAto.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_nDUY.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_X2l-.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_OltM.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-albicans_nvj9.jpg ; Iris albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-gallica_vN8A.jpg ; Silene gallica
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_-9y_.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-falcata-falcata_7uVZ.jpg ; Euphorbia falcata
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_zYWF.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum__XWh.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-purpureum_eUxH.jpg ; Geranium purpureum
http://flora-on.pt/Laurus-nobilis_w7Qx.jpg ; Laurus nobilis
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-edulis_Y13c.jpg ; Rhagadiolus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Datura-stramonium_PGTB.jpg ; Datura stramonium
http://flora-on.pt/Malus-sylvestris_Pvw1.jpg ; Malus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-perpusillus_2FuQ.jpg ; Ornithopus perpusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_exR_.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_sE4X.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Frankenia-laevis_4FmM.jpg ; Frankenia laevis
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_HlGu.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-hispanicus_2AEs.jpg ; Scolymus hispanicus
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_2Gc-.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-dioica_rz1_.jpg ; Valeriana dioica
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_s1Jk.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_KCmi.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Onopordum-illyricum-illyricum_v6IL.jpg ; Onopordum illyricum
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_3kzH.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-lupulina_BtN3.jpg ; Medicago lupulina
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-origanifolium_aoOK.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Delphinium-halteratum-verdunense_0lN2.jpg ; Delphinium halteratum
http://flora-on.pt/Hyacinthoides-hispanica_Ng29.jpg ; Hyacinthoides hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_y2B6.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Ilex-aquifolium_GvDc.jpg ; Ilex aquifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Epilobium-obscurum_rIKp.jpg ; Epilobium obscurum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-capitatus_KNEJ.jpg ; Cyperus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_NwMN.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_VL-d.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-onobrychioides_Mg2a.jpg ; Vicia onobrychioides
http://flora-on.pt/Glaucium-flavum_lLvt.jpg ; Glaucium flavum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-eriocarpa_DoG3.jpg ; Vicia eriocarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_gYcL.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Pentaglottis-sempervirens_ka21.jpg ; Pentaglottis sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-polita_LTdq.jpg ; Veronica polita
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_7eb_.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_m7Lt.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Phalaris-arundinacea-arundinacea_Kf3V.jpg ; Phalaris arundinacea
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-minor_8w5s.jpg ; Lemna minor
http://flora-on.pt/Myrtus-communis_2Cbr.jpg ; Myrtus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_HPsd.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_AfvN.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_I849.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_neQa.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-lusitanica_-Gbz.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_UK1v.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-tenuifolia_YoI1.jpg ; Vicia tenuifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_ZX3f.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Fraxinus-angustifolia-angustifolia_-KMf.jpg ; Fraxinus angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sherardia-arvensis_aSed.jpg ; Sherardia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-parviflora_ZvDf.jpg ; Malva parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-nemoralis_BjPI.jpg ; Poa nemoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Paspalum-dilatatum_KRbC.jpg ; Paspalum dilatatum
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_80gs.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-lappaceum_WjE1.jpg ; Trifolium lappaceum
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-implexa_JJmC.jpg ; Lonicera implexa
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_punl.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_nzD5.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Chaerophyllum-temulum_CmMi.jpg ; Chaerophyllum temulum
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_ua2H.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_AydC.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-vulgare_h5az.jpg ; Limonium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Moricandia-arvensis_MYju.jpg ; Moricandia arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_tyLI.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-maritimum_cCxr.jpg ; Eryngium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-arvensis_FPk0.jpg ; Veronica arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-acre_d19l.jpg ; Sedum acre
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-repens_Sw6J.jpg ; Ranunculus repens
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_UgFM.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-bombyliflora_6v_F.jpg ; Ophrys bombyliflora
http://flora-on.pt/Hippuris-vulgaris_0OWH.jpg ; Hippuris vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-jonquilla_pzb2.jpg ; Narcissus jonquilla
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_pJzY.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Rorippa-pyrenaica_u4vi.jpg ; Rorippa pyrenaica
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_2G6e.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_RfTu.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-supinum_sZxq.jpg ; Heliotropium supinum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_YW_b.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_XPqS.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonum-maritimum_5RTw.jpg ; Polygonum maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Odontites-viscosus-australis_Gdjn.jpg ; Odontites viscosus
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_04aB.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ceratonia-siliqua_HXYo.jpg ; Ceratonia siliqua
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-cicera_VkUu.jpg ; Lathyrus cicera
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_-FQa.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-phoenicoides_A84J.jpg ; Brachypodium phoenicoides
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria-maura_eN9u.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_VR0V.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-clementei-clementei_D9d3.jpg ; Euphorbia clementei
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_x39x.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-albidus_s7ML.jpg ; Cistus albidus
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-discoidea_3yYk.jpg ; Valerianella discoidea
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_7L7z.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Aichryson-laxum_3vJV.jpg ; Aichryson laxum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_lg6p.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-ladanifer_-_cw.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_C21Q.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Verbena-officinalis_khUX.jpg ; Verbena officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Chondrilla-juncea_c1x0.jpg ; Chondrilla juncea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_Xd-Y.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_D13w.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-cotula_up8Q.jpg ; Anthemis cotula
http://flora-on.pt/Linum-strictum_vVzn.jpg ; Linum strictum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-linnaeanum_eV6M.jpg ; Solanum linnaeanum
http://flora-on.pt/Stellaria-neglecta_mBka.jpg ; Stellaria neglecta
http://flora-on.pt/Arundo-donax_1yjI.jpg ; Arundo donax
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-apetala_ZfaJ.jpg ; Sagina apetala
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodium-clavatum_thLr.jpg ; Lycopodium clavatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-capillaris_UsLE.jpg ; Crepis capillaris
http://flora-on.pt/Bituminaria-bituminosa_fUUn.jpg ; Bituminaria bituminosa
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_s_FM.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-multipunctata_ppJ9.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_V4RS.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-boeticus_IGL2.jpg ; Astragalus boeticus
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-physocarpus_S5Um.jpg ; Gomphocarpus physocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-pseudoiva_IHKg.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas__rT6.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_TtdC.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Galega-officinalis_RJVP.jpg ; Galega officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_B1Ke.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides_qfkA.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_Rv_r.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_tdJO.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_l3pH.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_Rf73.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_pRgK.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-foetidum__5AM.jpg ; Helichrysum foetidum
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-filipendulum_x54A.jpg ; Cirsium filipendulum
http://flora-on.pt/Borago-officinalis_uA68.jpg ; Borago officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_OaPa.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_UM-t.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Althaea-officinalis_GWhR.jpg ; Althaea officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_9t7v.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-soleirolii_mMcr.jpg ; Gagea soleirolii
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-serotinus_OTyF.jpg ; Narcissus serotinus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-cicutarium-bipinnatum_KsDO.jpg ; Erodium cicutarium
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_U8Oy.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-officinalis-officinalis_pCLQ.jpg ; Valeriana officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-soda_nIAC.jpg ; Salsola soda
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_oX7X.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-marifolium-marifolium_i2vp.jpg ; Helianthemum marifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-fragiferum_iCUU.jpg ; Trifolium fragiferum
http://flora-on.pt/Mantisalca-salmantica_Qbm5.jpg ; Mantisalca salmantica
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-andegavense_BbQE.jpg ; Sedum andegavense
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_-RlC.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_ZGw9.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_2WWj.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-vulgaris_NJcW.jpg ; Artemisia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Logfia-minima_P7Xb.jpg ; Logfia minima
http://flora-on.pt/Draba-muralis_xyE2.jpg ; Draba muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-vulvaria_uGmB.jpg ; Chenopodium vulvaria
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_Rayr.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_nalX.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_6lRo.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_w_Yn.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_86GQ.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-pullata_T2ED.jpg ; Centaurea pullata
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_fRDc.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_NtMS.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-rubra_3gMn.jpg ; Cephalanthera rubra
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-lampsanoides_FS5F.jpg ; Crepis lampsanoides
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-australis_TBPQ.jpg ; Cotula australis
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-arborescens_2RK1.jpg ; Viola arborescens
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_Bx5r.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Stipa-offneri_GuCe.jpg ; Stipa offneri
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-perfoliatum_HkrF.jpg ; Hypericum perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Crepis-vesicaria-taraxacifolia_xepy.jpg ; Crepis vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-planifolia_qokq.jpg ; Iris planifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-polyacantha_v-rw.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Cosentinia-vellea-vellea_NODr.jpg ; Cosentinia vellea
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_Zncv.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum__FXW.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_-wQc.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_2vHb.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_-2UI.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_K6dU.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Eichhornia-crassipes_Fz6B.jpg ; Eichhornia crassipes
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_qFa4.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_yzaZ.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_25qO.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_TVzU.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_OoRN.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-capitatus_pnIf.jpg ; Juncus capitatus
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-crenata_5r1M.jpg ; Orobanche crenata
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_LFjs.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_mqOq.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-telmateia_7_j_.jpg ; Equisetum telmateia
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_Q_iO.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-viridis_e7BL.jpg ; Lavandula viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Origanum-vulgare-virens_9TBI.jpg ; Origanum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-arvensis-purpurea_L4-W.jpg ; Torilis arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-intermedia_HcIh.jpg ; Barbarea intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-anglica_8-op.jpg ; Genista anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-salicina-aspera_Vdep.jpg ; Inula salicina
http://flora-on.pt/Campanula-lusitanica-lusitanica_up-F.jpg ; Campanula lusitanica
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-barbata-lusitanica_ZcWz.jpg ; Avena barbata
http://flora-on.pt/Melissa-officinalis_q1mr.jpg ; Melissa officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-forsterianum_jECn.jpg ; Sedum forsterianum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-angustifolium_TNNZ.jpg ; Sparganium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Crucianella-maritima_56hu.jpg ; Crucianella maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_O0L0.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_lAeQ.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_xXMD.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_apim.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_LkOG.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-narbonensis_qQuW.jpg ; Vicia narbonensis
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_Eqzq.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Hornungia-petraea-petraea_t6Za.jpg ; Hornungia petraea
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-gallicus_xImI.jpg ; Senecio gallicus
http://flora-on.pt/Cynomorium-coccineum-coccineum_fUF4.jpg ; Cynomorium coccineum
http://flora-on.pt/Legousia-hybrida_zW5D.jpg ; Legousia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Gomphocarpus-fruticosus_htI_.jpg ; Gomphocarpus fruticosus
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-arvense_70Tm.jpg ; Trifolium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Melampyrum-pratense-latifolium_Y5gv.jpg ; Melampyrum pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Orobanche-hederae_F5Ff.jpg ; Orobanche hederae
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_ae8M.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_BChe.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_EUdg.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_eOk5.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-sterilis_QyCy.jpg ; Potentilla sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Arnoseris-minima_DQK7.jpg ; Arnoseris minima
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_5c71.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_zQd7.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Galactites-tomentosus_rXW9.jpg ; Galactites tomentosus
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_UdBI.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_YnWC.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-suffocatum_3oQb.jpg ; Trifolium suffocatum
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_bAFz.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-eragrostis_tWXG.jpg ; Cyperus eragrostis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_KRmB.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca_vBQK.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Verbascum-pulverulentum__oBd.jpg ; Verbascum pulverulentum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-maritimus_-MzV.jpg ; Sonchus maritimus
http://flora-on.pt/Eruca-vesicaria_jUyj.jpg ; Eruca vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-ciliata_Z7wt.jpg ; Hippocrepis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_oSn4.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Hibiscus-palustris_fU1b.jpg ; Hibiscus palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Luzula-sylvatica-henriquesii_KVtl.jpg ; Luzula sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-botrys_kaQW.jpg ; Erodium botrys
http://flora-on.pt/Selaginella-denticulata_2L8Q.jpg ; Selaginella denticulata
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-doria-legionensis_IgKZ.jpg ; Senecio doria
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_czqj.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_oUc3.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_RP0B.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_eSul.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Euonymus-europaeus_05bQ.jpg ; Euonymus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sphaericus_k1jv.jpg ; Lathyrus sphaericus
http://flora-on.pt/Eryngium-campestre_Apoy.jpg ; Eryngium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_31JY.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-persica_1yrE.jpg ; Veronica persica
http://flora-on.pt/Cutandia-maritima_efxX.jpg ; Cutandia maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_ZOuI.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Jasminum-fruticans_r7Qz.jpg ; Jasminum fruticans
http://flora-on.pt/Hyoseris-scabra_6rQ-.jpg ; Hyoseris scabra
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-montana_BraS.jpg ; Valeriana montana
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-sylvatica_ZVgI.jpg ; Stachys sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-pratense-pratense_GvLl.jpg ; Trifolium pratense
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-depauperata_j4yZ.jpg ; Carex depauperata
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-clymenum_oThA.jpg ; Lathyrus clymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_EybR.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-articulatus-articulatus_nXgP.jpg ; Juncus articulatus
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-lanceolata_jEGX.jpg ; Plantago lanceolata
http://flora-on.pt/Cryptogramma-crispa_7E21.jpg ; Cryptogramma crispa
http://flora-on.pt/Scirpoides-holoschoenus_oY22.jpg ; Scirpoides holoschoenus
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_YmZy.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_n3lc.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-argemone_KQNI.jpg ; Papaver argemone
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_3JOB.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-vermiculatus_K51A.jpg ; Scorpiurus vermiculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_lawT.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-ornithopodioides_i2fj.jpg ; Lotus ornithopodioides
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_cOJI.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-pyrenaicum-pyrenaicum_sYhk.jpg ; Thesium pyrenaicum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-malacoides_AIQL.jpg ; Erodium malacoides
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-parisiense_PsZx.jpg ; Galium parisiense
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_xZ_v.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Sideritis-romana_Qzyk.jpg ; Sideritis romana
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_ASBa.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-tomentosa_IKqP.jpg ; Mercurialis tomentosa
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccinium-myrtillus_3IEV.jpg ; Vaccinium myrtillus
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_pMnS.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-lingua_TpPL.jpg ; Serapias lingua
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_PRfy.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_rjUM.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_JHRM.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-hybridum_sMl7.jpg ; Papaver hybridum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-peregrina_S7lG.jpg ; Scrophularia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_fG7M.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_j8uX.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Arisarum-simorrhinum_tUTX.jpg ; Arisarum simorrhinum
http://flora-on.pt/Digitaria-sanguinalis_I3NI.jpg ; Digitaria sanguinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Galega-officinalis_X0ES.jpg ; Galega officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_UNy7.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-caerulescens-caerulescens_ibp0.jpg ; Artemisia caerulescens
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-holosteum_DIyx.jpg ; Plantago holosteum
http://flora-on.pt/Romulea-columnae-columnae_w0T9.jpg ; Romulea columnae
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-scoparia-scoparia_BHZ6.jpg ; Erica scoparia
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_jO6c.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_rda0.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Groenlandia-densa_rVVW.jpg ; Groenlandia densa
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-affinis-affinis_F2EH.jpg ; Dryopteris affinis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-divulsa-divulsa_dsPK.jpg ; Carex divulsa
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_9DJ-.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-tenuissimum_ASAW.jpg ; Bupleurum tenuissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Erophaca-baetica-baetica_NvVI.jpg ; Erophaca baetica
http://flora-on.pt/Alnus-glutinosa_yVFC.jpg ; Alnus glutinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-sediforme_wj4O.jpg ; Sedum sediforme
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-subvillosum_2lkh.jpg ; Allium subvillosum
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-pinnatus_RlSG.jpg ; Ornithopus pinnatus
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-lantana_QBcT.jpg ; Viburnum lantana
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_xS9B.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-hirundinaria_N6p3.jpg ; Vincetoxicum hirundinaria
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_2VWv.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_A-3t.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-marinum_S9iI.jpg ; Asplenium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-helioscopia-helioscopia_Jd1a.jpg ; Euphorbia helioscopia
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_ryNo.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_8MsR.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-apifera_fC_h.jpg ; Ophrys apifera
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-sylvestris__pdn.jpg ; Lathyrus sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Ammi-majus_d1xM.jpg ; Ammi majus
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica_BQNU.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_OaAn.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Carduus-tenuiflorus_cdr7.jpg ; Carduus tenuiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_U8_a.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_qSyl.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Euonymus-europaeus_dO7Y.jpg ; Euonymus europaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-minutulum_St49.jpg ; Galium minutulum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_PH_y.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-spuria-integrifolia_jLV_.jpg ; Kickxia spuria
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-nigra_xGBc.jpg ; Carex nigra
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_cnHm.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-alypum_2mSw.jpg ; Globularia alypum
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_C2eo.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_ymlo.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymelaea-passerina_1Sf8.jpg ; Thymelaea passerina
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_syHK.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-echioides__fmw.jpg ; Limonium echioides
http://flora-on.pt/Moehringia-pentandra_YRFc.jpg ; Moehringia pentandra
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_GbER.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-boissieri_9ynW.jpg ; Echium boissieri
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_JG_H.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Heracleum-sphondylium_LGO0.jpg ; Heracleum sphondylium
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea__NLs.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_hhOr.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-humilis-humilis_9afp.jpg ; Scorzonera humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Petrorhagia-nanteuilii_Y8XY.jpg ; Petrorhagia nanteuilii
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-major-intermedia_EIW3.jpg ; Plantago major
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_-T-i.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_0aqX.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Micropus-supinus_wrEz.jpg ; Micropus supinus
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-rotundifolia_3h3j.jpg ; Drosera rotundifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Equisetum-ramosissimum_hTYp.jpg ; Equisetum ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Atractylis-cancellata-cancellata_2Q26.jpg ; Atractylis cancellata
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-tenageia-tenageia_Cw69.jpg ; Juncus tenageia
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-tricornutum_xQLN.jpg ; Galium tricornutum
http://flora-on.pt/Spergula-morisonii_A_t9.jpg ; Spergula morisonii
http://flora-on.pt/Poa-nemoralis_rQCq.jpg ; Poa nemoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-caryophyllea_TA1x.jpg ; Carex caryophyllea
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_xLuq.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-trinervis_32-r.jpg ; Carex trinervis
http://flora-on.pt/Sibthorpia-europaea_b1SB.jpg ; Sibthorpia europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-fusca-fusca_um54.jpg ; Ophrys fusca
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-tricolor-tricolor_d9RF.jpg ; Convolvulus tricolor
http://flora-on.pt/Coronilla-repanda-dura_OeB5.jpg ; Coronilla repanda
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-striatum_HAlC.jpg ; Trifolium striatum
http://flora-on.pt/Pulicaria-odora_Thlh.jpg ; Pulicaria odora
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_nePH.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Phleum-phleoides_WTam.jpg ; Phleum phleoides
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-kitaibeliana_xqCZ.jpg ; Viola kitaibeliana
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus_oQX_.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea_1Q2x.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_A8kN.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-aeruginea-aeruginea_XOUz.jpg ; Linaria aeruginea
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-triandrus_n1a8.jpg ; Narcissus triandrus
http://flora-on.pt/Dipcadi-serotinum-serotinum_8z9E.jpg ; Dipcadi serotinum
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-auriculata-auriculata_6O_H.jpg ; Scrophularia auriculata
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_bflC.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Papaver-rhoeas_TK0b.jpg ; Papaver rhoeas
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-uniflora-uniflora_zVmY.jpg ; Silene uniflora
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_0YBQ.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-pulchrum_ZWkU.jpg ; Hypericum pulchrum
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_ZoJ8.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_7QqP.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Picris-hieracioides-longifolia_LFtW.jpg ; Picris hieracioides
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_2FVa.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-flammula_0Vou.jpg ; Ranunculus flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Parentucellia-latifolia_qsYW.jpg ; Parentucellia latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Tanacetum-corymbosum-corymbosum_igY6.jpg ; Tanacetum corymbosum
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-saligna_JWSE.jpg ; Lactuca saligna
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_jPqI.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_Aucu.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-crispus_lYLI.jpg ; Cistus crispus
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_1kjS.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Phlomis-lychnitis_REFt.jpg ; Phlomis lychnitis
http://flora-on.pt/Onosma-tricerosperma-tricerosperma_ESbe.jpg ; Onosma tricerosperma
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens_tSWk.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_DeIA.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Chenopodium-album_IOJX.jpg ; Chenopodium album
http://flora-on.pt/Lindernia-dubia_Eygf.jpg ; Lindernia dubia
http://flora-on.pt/Tragopogon-dubius_Svhe.jpg ; Tragopogon dubius
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_BJe5.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-nudicaulis_NzTA.jpg ; Teesdalia nudicaulis
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_Gj79.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-brachypetalum-brachypetalum_n302.jpg ; Cerastium brachypetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Dianthus-armeria-armeria_zeTj.jpg ; Dianthus armeria
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_ENle.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Arthrocnemum-macrostachyum_BtT3.jpg ; Arthrocnemum macrostachyum
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-lutea-lutea_teYi.jpg ; Reseda lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Ridolfia-segetum_aqmZ.jpg ; Ridolfia segetum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-glomeratum_KABM.jpg ; Cerastium glomeratum
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_47wl.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-sylvestris_3hVe.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-trichomanes-quadrivalens_BsUz.jpg ; Asplenium trichomanes
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_uYnL.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Anthyllis-vulneraria_JxcE.jpg ; Anthyllis vulneraria
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_ClD0.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-binervis_ADIl.jpg ; Carex binervis
http://flora-on.pt/Barbarea-verna_h3Sy.jpg ; Barbarea verna
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-maritimum_Jnay.jpg ; Triglochin maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Cheirolophus-sempervirens_TMIT.jpg ; Cheirolophus sempervirens
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-hispanica_qvSf.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_uTXp.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-acutifolius_dQ6D.jpg ; Asparagus acutifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-angustifolium_7THK.jpg ; Trifolium angustifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_EC87.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-androsaemum_PYhI.jpg ; Hypericum androsaemum
http://flora-on.pt/Cynosurus-echinatus_RGRQ.jpg ; Cynosurus echinatus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-littorea-littorea_x5Yq.jpg ; Silene littorea
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-canina-canina_1WQO.jpg ; Scrophularia canina
http://flora-on.pt/Geum-urbanum_Y5cY.jpg ; Geum urbanum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_0h8t.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-lucidum_fkyW.jpg ; Geranium lucidum
http://flora-on.pt/Nonea-vesicaria_D4vX.jpg ; Nonea vesicaria
http://flora-on.pt/Lythrum-portula_XlUF.jpg ; Lythrum portula
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-dulcis_zoWi.jpg ; Euphorbia dulcis
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-mitissima_RUci.jpg ; Ononis mitissima
http://flora-on.pt/Narcissus-bulbocodium-obesus_DU9p.jpg ; Narcissus bulbocodium
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-petrarchae-petrarchae_HhJH.jpg ; Asplenium petrarchae
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_T4Yd.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Aphanes-australis_O2Ib.jpg ; Aphanes australis
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-latifolia_DU3i.jpg ; Silene latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_u1xt.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_8sKL.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Ruppia-cirrhosa_RHh-.jpg ; Ruppia cirrhosa
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-nicaeensis_wMOi.jpg ; Malva nicaeensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lycium-intricatum_Ajj7.jpg ; Lycium intricatum
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_WRpn.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Angelica-sylvestris_IBt8.jpg ; Angelica sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_2Er5.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-columbinum_XT7P.jpg ; Geranium columbinum
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-conyza_50i_.jpg ; Inula conyza
http://flora-on.pt/Ruta-angustifolia_oil9.jpg ; Ruta angustifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-laevipes_ATQn.jpg ; Fumana laevipes
http://flora-on.pt/Chrozophora-tinctoria_pYdX.jpg ; Chrozophora tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_Fa7B.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_patT.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Triglochin-barrelieri_-NoP.jpg ; Triglochin barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-pygmaeus_Ljje.jpg ; Juncus pygmaeus
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-nodiflorus_hAsd.jpg ; Ranunculus nodiflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-pyrenaicus-caespitosus_qT9v.jpg ; Senecio pyrenaicus
http://flora-on.pt/Fedia-cornucopiae_bom1.jpg ; Fedia cornucopiae
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-italicum-picardi_A1tw.jpg ; Helichrysum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_EIV8.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Heliotropium-europaeum_1fT1.jpg ; Heliotropium europaeum
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-vulgare_C3si.jpg ; Cirsium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_KkL3.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Tropaeolum-majus_ADDi.jpg ; Tropaeolum majus
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-arvensis_xo9i.jpg ; Convolvulus arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-globulosa_JaNR.jpg ; Oenanthe globulosa
http://flora-on.pt/Sedum-brevifolium_LV7N.jpg ; Sedum brevifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-ladanifer-sulcatus_WTsk.jpg ; Cistus ladanifer
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_4xob.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_wVtC.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-amygdaloides-amygdaloides_6vOU.jpg ; Euphorbia amygdaloides
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-repens_jfXt.jpg ; Trifolium repens
http://flora-on.pt/Anemone-palmata_ECbF.jpg ; Anemone palmata
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-commutata-commutata_pLfy.jpg ; Kickxia commutata
http://flora-on.pt/Vincetoxicum-nigrum_fd6y.jpg ; Vincetoxicum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Gastridium-ventricosum_tn3T.jpg ; Gastridium ventricosum
http://flora-on.pt/Potamogeton-pusillus__fdO.jpg ; Potamogeton pusillus
http://flora-on.pt/Sanicula-europaea_Kqml.jpg ; Sanicula europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Reichardia-picroides_mYTH.jpg ; Reichardia picroides
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-amethystea-amethystea_0p8O.jpg ; Linaria amethystea
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_6RGZ.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum_-1Ry.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-campestris-maritima_J1IR.jpg ; Artemisia campestris
http://flora-on.pt/Neatostema-apulum_-_zO.jpg ; Neatostema apulum
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humifusum_upn2.jpg ; Thesium humifusum
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pusilla-pusilla_Vgsb.jpg ; Ononis pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-oleraceus_NBJh.jpg ; Sonchus oleraceus
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis__iSF.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-marinum_V3w8.jpg ; Catapodium marinum
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_o3Jk.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_BMCn.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Serratula-tinctoria-seoanei_KyIv.jpg ; Serratula tinctoria
http://flora-on.pt/Osmunda-regalis_ZKem.jpg ; Osmunda regalis
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_f5Ng.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Andryala-ragusina_uo12.jpg ; Andryala ragusina
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-tomentosum_4moz.jpg ; Hypericum tomentosum
http://flora-on.pt/Vulpia-ciliata-ciliata_1vq_.jpg ; Vulpia ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-triquetrum_0iJ4.jpg ; Allium triquetrum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-undulatum_ur1p.jpg ; Hypericum undulatum
http://flora-on.pt/Alchemilla-transiens_JRf9.jpg ; Alchemilla transiens
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_O29X.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_GIBl.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Hieracium-umbellatum_Sc5s.jpg ; Hieracium umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_coPu.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-hispida_BnKu.jpg ; Valantia hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Ajuga-iva-iva_v17u.jpg ; Ajuga iva
http://flora-on.pt/Rhagadiolus-stellatus_IuAX.jpg ; Rhagadiolus stellatus
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_JDBJ.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-tragacantha_WRDd.jpg ; Astragalus tragacantha
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-muricata-pairae_pQQU.jpg ; Carex muricata
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-peregrina-peregrina_ZMfc.jpg ; Veronica peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-viscosa_CrYI.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Taxus-baccata_9Py_.jpg ; Taxus baccata
http://flora-on.pt/Fagonia-cretica_MQg3.jpg ; Fagonia cretica
http://flora-on.pt/Drosera-intermedia_s18N.jpg ; Drosera intermedia
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_uLtg.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus_Rljn.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_wuAL.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_RIjZ.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-prostrata_PmwX.jpg ; Atriplex prostrata
http://flora-on.pt/Isolepis-setacea_Agoz.jpg ; Isolepis setacea
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-muricatus_had-.jpg ; Daucus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Arctium-minus_Bs49.jpg ; Arctium minus
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_ibbn.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Digitaria-sanguinalis_CF-R.jpg ; Digitaria sanguinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_cQ-q.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-hybrida-hybrida_fBEM.jpg ; Minuartia hybrida
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-expansa_8C4D.jpg ; Dryopteris expansa
http://flora-on.pt/Cladium-mariscus_gB1S.jpg ; Cladium mariscus
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-radula_RZLv.jpg ; Rubus radula
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-obtusifolius_O_do.jpg ; Rumex obtusifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-calcitrapa_owuH.jpg ; Centaurea calcitrapa
http://flora-on.pt/Panicum-repens_bpsS.jpg ; Panicum repens
http://flora-on.pt/Chrysosplenium-oppositifolium_asla.jpg ; Chrysosplenium oppositifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Fumaria-capreolata_Cv5q.jpg ; Fumaria capreolata
http://flora-on.pt/Jurinea-humilis_T9d_.jpg ; Jurinea humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Mandragora-autumnalis_Djab.jpg ; Mandragora autumnalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cotula-coronopifolia_rGnF.jpg ; Cotula coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-benghalensis__CEN.jpg ; Vicia benghalensis
http://flora-on.pt/Rhamnus-alaternus_SEPM.jpg ; Rhamnus alaternus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-peplus_jrbw.jpg ; Euphorbia peplus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-paralias_2_2p.jpg ; Euphorbia paralias
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-peregrina_VQ1-.jpg ; Vicia peregrina
http://flora-on.pt/Rosa-pouzinii_BNDi.jpg ; Rosa pouzinii
http://flora-on.pt/Daboecia-cantabrica_1hnu.jpg ; Daboecia cantabrica
http://flora-on.pt/Acer-monspessulanum_CFfE.jpg ; Acer monspessulanum
http://flora-on.pt/Clinopodium-vulgare_9TTc.jpg ; Clinopodium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-althaeoides_vrt_.jpg ; Convolvulus althaeoides
http://flora-on.pt/Rhinanthus-minor_fHze.jpg ; Rhinanthus minor
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-truncatula_odVL.jpg ; Medicago truncatula
http://flora-on.pt/Prunus-avium_rtgV.jpg ; Prunus avium
http://flora-on.pt/Gagea-pratensis_7YEO.jpg ; Gagea pratensis
http://flora-on.pt/Fumana-thymifolia_QJnq.jpg ; Fumana thymifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Myosotis-ramosissima-globularis_3LRR.jpg ; Myosotis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Hesperis-laciniata_QeBO.jpg ; Hesperis laciniata
http://flora-on.pt/Arnica-montana-atlantica_RFdm.jpg ; Arnica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_Oyrj.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Scorpiurus-muricatus_u8Ia.jpg ; Scorpiurus muricatus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-bucephalophorus_J1z4.jpg ; Rumex bucephalophorus
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostemma-githago_hmRB.jpg ; Agrostemma githago
http://flora-on.pt/Limoniastrum-monopetalum_X03V.jpg ; Limoniastrum monopetalum
http://flora-on.pt/Agrostemma-githago_UssB.jpg ; Agrostemma githago
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaemelum-nobile_Ftwp.jpg ; Chamaemelum nobile
http://flora-on.pt/Azolla-filiculoides_UN83.jpg ; Azolla filiculoides
http://flora-on.pt/Arabis-verna_QIAv.jpg ; Arabis verna
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-stoechadifolium_a-ci.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Ephedra-fragilis-fragilis_h44-.jpg ; Ephedra fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Lepidium-heterophyllum_ZtYs.jpg ; Lepidium heterophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Oenanthe-pimpinelloides_5EBL.jpg ; Oenanthe pimpinelloides
http://flora-on.pt/Linaria-micrantha_Ot-S.jpg ; Linaria micrantha
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_zBxA.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_QdLG.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Danthonia-decumbens_LXnv.jpg ; Danthonia decumbens
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_idh8.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Leontodon-tuberosus_S60I.jpg ; Leontodon tuberosus
http://flora-on.pt/Thesium-humile_yQEl.jpg ; Thesium humile
http://flora-on.pt/Callitriche-obtusangula__MTd.jpg ; Callitriche obtusangula
http://flora-on.pt/Micromeria-graeca-graeca_qkGo.jpg ; Micromeria graeca
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-praecox_MNS3.jpg ; Rubus praecox
http://flora-on.pt/Adenocarpus-complicatus_bOQh.jpg ; Adenocarpus complicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_39NL.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Myrica-gale_m9VQ.jpg ; Myrica gale
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-asper_HEk1.jpg ; Sonchus asper
http://flora-on.pt/Reseda-alba-alba_JPVP.jpg ; Reseda alba
http://flora-on.pt/Menyanthes-trifoliata_14BN.jpg ; Menyanthes trifoliata
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_ICkI.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Filipendula-ulmaria_wbpk.jpg ; Filipendula ulmaria
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-ramosissima_T66A.jpg ; Malcolmia ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-elodes_2-0Z.jpg ; Hypericum elodes
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-flacca__9ay.jpg ; Carex flacca
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalaria-leucantha_zlPT.jpg ; Cephalaria leucantha
http://flora-on.pt/Zostera-marina_g84o.jpg ; Zostera marina
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-speculum-speculum_8nk7.jpg ; Ophrys speculum
http://flora-on.pt/Spartina-maritima_MRfe.jpg ; Spartina maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-salviifolius_PW7S.jpg ; Cistus salviifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_cmWy.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-striatus_V7kh.jpg ; Cytisus striatus
http://flora-on.pt/Aristolochia-pistolochia_AN7E.jpg ; Aristolochia pistolochia
http://flora-on.pt/Biscutella-valentina-valentina_BB-T.jpg ; Biscutella valentina
http://flora-on.pt/Isoetes-histrix_88IF.jpg ; Isoetes histrix
http://flora-on.pt/Vaccaria-hispanica-hispanica_VjsB.jpg ; Vaccaria hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_rb6a.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Pisum-sativum-elatius_zO1T.jpg ; Pisum sativum
http://flora-on.pt/Tulipa-sylvestris-australis_iAKQ.jpg ; Tulipa sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_EMUM.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Teesdalia-coronopifolia_dhK7.jpg ; Teesdalia coronopifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Globularia-vulgaris_uCzR.jpg ; Globularia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_GvbQ.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Pancratium-maritimum_mSHV.jpg ; Pancratium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_rHW3.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Polygonatum-odoratum_YBrS.jpg ; Polygonatum odoratum
http://flora-on.pt/Ornithopus-compressus_xNvl.jpg ; Ornithopus compressus
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_7e3_.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lycopodiella-inundata_ff54.jpg ; Lycopodiella inundata
http://flora-on.pt/Convolvulus-siculus-siculus_s7ul.jpg ; Convolvulus siculus
http://flora-on.pt/Cornus-sanguinea-sanguinea_XB2j.jpg ; Cornus sanguinea
http://flora-on.pt/Ricinus-communis_hhCG.jpg ; Ricinus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Foeniculum-vulgare_zwmB.jpg ; Foeniculum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_VQ2y.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Torilis-nodosa_l0EC.jpg ; Torilis nodosa
http://flora-on.pt/Arbutus-unedo_5B6X.jpg ; Arbutus unedo
http://flora-on.pt/Juncus-heterophyllus_4_F3.jpg ; Juncus heterophyllus
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-parviflorus_OSQA.jpg ; Lotus parviflorus
http://flora-on.pt/Schoenus-nigricans_srSk.jpg ; Schoenus nigricans
http://flora-on.pt/Olea-europaea-europaea_1Q2x.jpg ; Olea europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Stachys-arvensis_aplE.jpg ; Stachys arvensis
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_t8a7.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Sesamoides-purpurascens_GX_H.jpg ; Sesamoides purpurascens
http://flora-on.pt/Lemna-gibba_uzcn.jpg ; Lemna gibba
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-argentea_yfk3.jpg ; Paronychia argentea
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-vulgare_rR77.jpg ; Echium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Viburnum-tinus__K72.jpg ; Viburnum tinus
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-colorata_cbOr.jpg ; Silene colorata
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_GHX4.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Geranium-robertianum_CyPe.jpg ; Geranium robertianum
http://flora-on.pt/Marrubium-vulgare_x52P.jpg ; Marrubium vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-alpina_lHKe.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Cirsium-arvense_JMVC.jpg ; Cirsium arvense
http://flora-on.pt/Hordeum-murinum-leporinum_jo-q.jpg ; Hordeum murinum
http://flora-on.pt/Valerianella-locusta-locusta_kJtF.jpg ; Valerianella locusta
http://flora-on.pt/Salvia-verbenaca_BoNl.jpg ; Salvia verbenaca
http://flora-on.pt/Catananche-lutea-carpholepis_IyHr.jpg ; Catananche lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Ligustrum-vulgare_7XdN.jpg ; Ligustrum vulgare
http://flora-on.pt/Phagnalon-saxatile_FmlT.jpg ; Phagnalon saxatile
http://flora-on.pt/Polypogon-viridis_Yblj.jpg ; Polypogon viridis
http://flora-on.pt/Asphodelus-macrocarpus-macrocarpus_DHOO.jpg ; Asphodelus macrocarpus
http://flora-on.pt/Digitalis-purpurea-purpurea_nalG.jpg ; Digitalis purpurea
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-suber_iQsX.jpg ; Quercus suber
http://flora-on.pt/Muscari-neglectum_1TI6.jpg ; Muscari neglectum
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_AfMV.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Pistacia-lentiscus__6tA.jpg ; Pistacia lentiscus
http://flora-on.pt/Limodorum-abortivum_NSnS.jpg ; Limodorum abortivum
http://flora-on.pt/Seseli-tortuosum_L1vb.jpg ; Seseli tortuosum
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-dulcamara_ZMog.jpg ; Solanum dulcamara
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-scoparius-scoparius_LXbI.jpg ; Cytisus scoparius
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-capitatum-capitatum__oDW.jpg ; Teucrium capitatum
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-moschatum_g9iv.jpg ; Erodium moschatum
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_MMoG.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Holosteum-umbellatum_Qp3G.jpg ; Holosteum umbellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Anarrhinum-bellidifolium_Vxdb.jpg ; Anarrhinum bellidifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Ecballium-elaterium_mSaw.jpg ; Ecballium elaterium
http://flora-on.pt/Catapodium-rigidum-rigidum_Vawa.jpg ; Catapodium rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_u4Jn.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Smyrnium-perfoliatum__igp.jpg ; Smyrnium perfoliatum
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_OYSJ.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-montana_GrsS.jpg ; Potentilla montana
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_SDdU.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Rumex-thyrsoides_NHzb.jpg ; Rumex thyrsoides
http://flora-on.pt/Avena-sterilis_lU46.jpg ; Avena sterilis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-montana_7fRu.jpg ; Veronica montana
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-hirsuta-hirsuta_AHNm.jpg ; Genista hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Phillyrea-latifolia_MnbU.jpg ; Phillyrea latifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-insularis__0OH.jpg ; Dactylorhiza insularis
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_Bd01.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Tordylium-maximum_U0gA.jpg ; Tordylium maximum
http://flora-on.pt/Sarcocornia-perennis_Suqy.jpg ; Sarcocornia perennis
http://flora-on.pt/Plumbago-europaea_zMfm.jpg ; Plumbago europaea
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-stellatum_botB.jpg ; Trifolium stellatum
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_1wma.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-paniculata-lusitanica_NFtO.jpg ; Carex paniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-oromediterraneus_kdZm.jpg ; Cytisus oromediterraneus
http://flora-on.pt/Bellis-annua-annua_pfh9.jpg ; Bellis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Oxalis-corniculata_ptHW.jpg ; Oxalis corniculata
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnium-hirsutum_mrkk.jpg ; Dorycnium hirsutum
http://flora-on.pt/Urtica-urens_fpb-.jpg ; Urtica urens
http://flora-on.pt/Daphne-gnidium_sImm.jpg ; Daphne gnidium
http://flora-on.pt/Thymus-pulegioides_llzr.jpg ; Thymus pulegioides
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-pelecinus-pelecinus_jviC.jpg ; Astragalus pelecinus
http://flora-on.pt/Scrophularia-sambucifolia-sambucifolia_8Bi_.jpg ; Scrophularia sambucifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-creticus_rnVi.jpg ; Lotus creticus
http://flora-on.pt/Pinus-pinea_m7UM.jpg ; Pinus pinea
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-lusitanicum_Hl9N.jpg ; Ophioglossum lusitanicum
http://flora-on.pt/Arum-italicum-italicum_wD0y.jpg ; Arum italicum
http://flora-on.pt/Juniperus-communis-alpina_W2QZ.jpg ; Juniperus communis
http://flora-on.pt/Ballota-hirsuta_4KGG.jpg ; Ballota hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Lathyrus-amphicarpos_oYSw.jpg ; Lathyrus amphicarpos
http://flora-on.pt/Salsola-vermiculata_V36r.jpg ; Salsola vermiculata
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-diluta_v3fL.jpg ; Centaurea diluta
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-faginea-broteroi_PDye.jpg ; Quercus faginea
http://flora-on.pt/Anacamptis-pyramidalis_EqGY.jpg ; Anacamptis pyramidalis
http://flora-on.pt/Cyperus-esculentus_iXyI.jpg ; Cyperus esculentus
http://flora-on.pt/Conopodium-majus-marizianum_5aBc.jpg ; Conopodium majus
http://flora-on.pt/Crupina-vulgaris_2nD0.jpg ; Crupina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Malva-sylvestris_saiv.jpg ; Malva sylvestris
http://flora-on.pt/Clematis-flammula_PZZx.jpg ; Clematis flammula
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-glaber_xVjy.jpg ; Lotus glaber
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-monspeliensis_xQ-r.jpg ; Cistus monspeliensis
http://flora-on.pt/Lactuca-serriola_iJGc.jpg ; Lactuca serriola
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-rigidum-paniculatum_EvNI.jpg ; Bupleurum rigidum
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-apenninum-apenninum_GCPE.jpg ; Helianthemum apenninum
http://flora-on.pt/Rubus-ulmifolius-ulmifolius_ZWra.jpg ; Rubus ulmifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Brachypodium-distachyon__-8e.jpg ; Brachypodium distachyon
http://flora-on.pt/Helleborus-foetidus_-9jT.jpg ; Helleborus foetidus
http://flora-on.pt/Diplotaxis-catholica__Yh5.jpg ; Diplotaxis catholica
http://flora-on.pt/Nerium-oleander_Ux_n.jpg ; Nerium oleander
http://flora-on.pt/Asteriscus-aquaticus_79bL.jpg ; Asteriscus aquaticus
http://flora-on.pt/Notobasis-syriaca_B4pZ.jpg ; Notobasis syriaca
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-ramosissimum_WtnD.jpg ; Cerastium ramosissimum
http://flora-on.pt/Nicotiana-glauca_uVaH.jpg ; Nicotiana glauca
http://flora-on.pt/Chamaerops-humilis_4xSa.jpg ; Chamaerops humilis
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-glaucum-australe_UiKS.jpg ; Galium glaucum
http://flora-on.pt/Caltha-palustris_kl3i.jpg ; Caltha palustris
http://flora-on.pt/Lavandula-stoechas-stoechas_oxq7.jpg ; Lavandula stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-resupinatum_OIYR.jpg ; Trifolium resupinatum
http://flora-on.pt/Cicendia-filiformis_cwo6.jpg ; Cicendia filiformis
http://flora-on.pt/Paronychia-polygonifolia-velucensis_RsG7.jpg ; Paronychia polygonifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Neotinea-maculata_N3OU.jpg ; Neotinea maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Genista-florida_Lw1y.jpg ; Genista florida
http://flora-on.pt/Colchicum-multiflorum_Xfda.jpg ; Colchicum multiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_YAew.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Carpobrotus-edulis_g8jk.jpg ; Carpobrotus edulis
http://flora-on.pt/Coincya-monensis-cheiranthos_gG0s.jpg ; Coincya monensis
http://flora-on.pt/Raphanus-raphanistrum-raphanistrum_ySLO.jpg ; Raphanus raphanistrum
http://flora-on.pt/Malcolmia-ramosissima_tIWo.jpg ; Malcolmia ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Lilium-martagon_Xmjr.jpg ; Lilium martagon
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-campestre_Jft7.jpg ; Trifolium campestre
http://flora-on.pt/Emex-spinosa_QZq-.jpg ; Emex spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-reclinata-reclinata_nbCK.jpg ; Ononis reclinata
http://flora-on.pt/Scorzonera-hispanica-crispatula_mIUg.jpg ; Scorzonera hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Galeopsis-tetrahit-tetrahit_vnKu.jpg ; Galeopsis tetrahit
http://flora-on.pt/Tropaeolum-majus_bFDt.jpg ; Tropaeolum majus
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lutea-vestita_5bkB.jpg ; Vicia lutea
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hirsuta_EXgS.jpg ; Euphorbia hirsuta
http://flora-on.pt/Viola-suavis_xZIW.jpg ; Viola suavis
http://flora-on.pt/Ferula-communis-catalaunica_VuUz.jpg ; Ferula communis
http://flora-on.pt/Cruciata-pedemontana_wMgP.jpg ; Cruciata pedemontana
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-xiphium_ijlH.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Solenopsis-laurentia_lGHt.jpg ; Solenopsis laurentia
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-cordigera-cordigera_Pw1X.jpg ; Serapias cordigera
http://flora-on.pt/Rapistrum-rugosum_b2Ct.jpg ; Rapistrum rugosum
http://flora-on.pt/Daucus-carota-halophilus_aqQm.jpg ; Daucus carota
http://flora-on.pt/Calendula-suffruticosa-algarbiensis_uPe1.jpg ; Calendula suffruticosa
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_g7UE.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Helianthemum-nummularium_UGRm.jpg ; Helianthemum nummularium
http://flora-on.pt/Umbilicus-rupestris_QwNt.jpg ; Umbilicus rupestris
http://flora-on.pt/Solanum-nigrum_Apd4.jpg ; Solanum nigrum
http://flora-on.pt/Thapsia-villosa_IqQg.jpg ; Thapsia villosa
http://flora-on.pt/Patellifolia-patellaris_mVJ_.jpg ; Patellifolia patellaris
http://flora-on.pt/Calluna-vulgaris_lFGE.jpg ; Calluna vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-coccifera-coccifera_9y8c.jpg ; Quercus coccifera
http://flora-on.pt/Serapias-parviflora_7Uij.jpg ; Serapias parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Carlina-vulgaris_jxL-.jpg ; Carlina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-affinis-affinis_TQ3M.jpg ; Dryopteris affinis
http://flora-on.pt/Jasione-montana_eEiS.jpg ; Jasione montana
http://flora-on.pt/Hippocrepis-biflora_mDJD.jpg ; Hippocrepis biflora
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-hederaceus_Mi7o.jpg ; Ranunculus hederaceus
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-viscosa-revoluta_ALKK.jpg ; Dittrichia viscosa
http://flora-on.pt/Melilotus-spicatus_Up8F.jpg ; Melilotus spicatus
http://flora-on.pt/Phragmites-australis_4Y19.jpg ; Phragmites australis
http://flora-on.pt/Adonis-annua_kS-Y.jpg ; Adonis annua
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-distachya_ZD6b.jpg ; Carex distachya
http://flora-on.pt/Dryopteris-oreades_yNr-.jpg ; Dryopteris oreades
http://flora-on.pt/Cephalanthera-longifolia_PshK.jpg ; Cephalanthera longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Erica-arborea_wumR.jpg ; Erica arborea
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-pedunculatus_TsaO.jpg ; Lotus pedunculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Euphorbia-hyberna-hyberna_rpri.jpg ; Euphorbia hyberna
http://flora-on.pt/Brassica-barrelieri_qkbO.jpg ; Brassica barrelieri
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-leporina_6YN2.jpg ; Carex leporina
http://flora-on.pt/Quercus-canariensis_NUjt.jpg ; Quercus canariensis
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-hispida_1XXO.jpg ; Carex hispida
http://flora-on.pt/Lotus-corniculatus-carpetanus_OsQ0.jpg ; Lotus corniculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-reptans_ough.jpg ; Potentilla reptans
http://flora-on.pt/Bupleurum-fruticosum_iWK-.jpg ; Bupleurum fruticosum
http://flora-on.pt/Sinapis-alba-mairei_qlRb.jpg ; Sinapis alba
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-maritimum_IqV0.jpg ; Centaurium maritimum
http://flora-on.pt/Bidens-frondosa_mtw7.jpg ; Bidens frondosa
http://flora-on.pt/Platanthera-bifolia_TcnL.jpg ; Platanthera bifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra_Z5AR.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Asplenium-hemionitis_YJek.jpg ; Asplenium hemionitis
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-granulata_Dd23.jpg ; Saxifraga granulata
http://flora-on.pt/Melittis-melissophyllum_6uXf.jpg ; Melittis melissophyllum
http://flora-on.pt/Carlina-vulgaris_v6Wn.jpg ; Carlina vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Hypericum-linariifolium_43V5.jpg ; Hypericum linariifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra_g2oJ.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-pusilla-pusilla__wtL.jpg ; Ononis pusilla
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-lathyroides_9hBx.jpg ; Vicia lathyroides
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurium-tenuiflorum_DsgX.jpg ; Centaurium tenuiflorum
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_oa-y.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_ycNO.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Sisymbrium-austriacum-contortum_g6dC.jpg ; Sisymbrium austriacum
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-diffusum-diffusum_ISLo.jpg ; Cerastium diffusum
http://flora-on.pt/Iris-xiphium-lusitanica_oBWi.jpg ; Iris xiphium
http://flora-on.pt/Cerastium-fontanum-vulgare_ktZ8.jpg ; Cerastium fontanum
http://flora-on.pt/Senecio-lividus_G3ee.jpg ; Senecio lividus
http://flora-on.pt/Minuartia-recurva_6jb0.jpg ; Minuartia recurva
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-hirtum_p2-U.jpg ; Trifolium hirtum
http://flora-on.pt/Dittrichia-graveolens_49Rf.jpg ; Dittrichia graveolens
http://flora-on.pt/Anchusa-undulata-granatensis_yrue.jpg ; Anchusa undulata
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-parviflora_zLsM.jpg ; Vicia parviflora
http://flora-on.pt/Cytinus-hypocistis-macranthus_1TDL.jpg ; Cytinus hypocistis
http://flora-on.pt/Veronica-chamaedrys-chamaedrys_jE4w.jpg ; Veronica chamaedrys
http://flora-on.pt/Omphalodes-linifolia_8VWf.jpg ; Omphalodes linifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Pseudorlaya-pumila_paSI.jpg ; Pseudorlaya pumila
http://flora-on.pt/Prangos-trifida_1wdy.jpg ; Prangos trifida
http://flora-on.pt/Saponaria-officinalis_UT0Y.jpg ; Saponaria officinalis
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-gramineus_ND4v.jpg ; Ranunculus gramineus
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_LvDX.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-scolopax_eAyZ.jpg ; Ophrys scolopax
http://flora-on.pt/Orchis-langei_HKhu.jpg ; Orchis langei
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_zkgY.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Mibora-minima_9xnZ.jpg ; Mibora minima
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-pendula_Unu4.jpg ; Carex pendula
http://flora-on.pt/Valantia-muralis_TY3X.jpg ; Valantia muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Asperula-aristata-scabra_zjKe.jpg ; Asperula aristata
http://flora-on.pt/Argyrolobium-zanonii-zanonii_CMoI.jpg ; Argyrolobium zanonii
http://flora-on.pt/Anthemis-maritima_JzrU.jpg ; Anthemis maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Astragalus-hamosus_pc77.jpg ; Astragalus hamosus
http://flora-on.pt/Cleome-violacea_RYYz.jpg ; Cleome violacea
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-littoralis_g45D.jpg ; Medicago littoralis
http://flora-on.pt/Alyssum-serpyllifolium-lusitanicum_o_ul.jpg ; Alyssum serpyllifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Valeriana-tuberosa_feMU.jpg ; Valeriana tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Ranunculus-ophioglossifolius_3def.jpg ; Ranunculus ophioglossifolius
http://flora-on.pt/Aquilegia-vulgaris-dichroa_FpQk.jpg ; Aquilegia vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Cymbalaria-muralis-muralis_8E6I.jpg ; Cymbalaria muralis
http://flora-on.pt/Atriplex-halimus_nVGD.jpg ; Atriplex halimus
http://flora-on.pt/Artemisia-caerulescens-caerulescens_hcR0.jpg ; Artemisia caerulescens
http://flora-on.pt/Pallenis-spinosa-spinosa_skVf.jpg ; Pallenis spinosa
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-albicans_rho6.jpg ; Plantago albicans
http://flora-on.pt/Jasonia-tuberosa_utOz.jpg ; Jasonia tuberosa
http://flora-on.pt/Gaudinia-fragilis_Az9s.jpg ; Gaudinia fragilis
http://flora-on.pt/Sparganium-erectum_z6eW.jpg ; Sparganium erectum
http://flora-on.pt/Teucrium-pseudochamaepitys_3GCK.jpg ; Teucrium pseudochamaepitys
http://flora-on.pt/Polygala-vulgaris_eB1-.jpg ; Polygala vulgaris
http://flora-on.pt/Armeria-pungens__sSl.jpg ; Armeria pungens
http://flora-on.pt/Corynephorus-canescens_ort4.jpg ; Corynephorus canescens
http://flora-on.pt/Dorycnopsis-gerardi_gNQh.jpg ; Dorycnopsis gerardi
http://flora-on.pt/Asparagus-albus_q5gh.jpg ; Asparagus albus
http://flora-on.pt/Doronicum-plantagineum-tournefortii_yPSn.jpg ; Doronicum plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Hypochaeris-radicata_Hr21.jpg ; Hypochaeris radicata
http://flora-on.pt/Echium-plantagineum_wgkj.jpg ; Echium plantagineum
http://flora-on.pt/Sonchus-tenerrimus_1wY_.jpg ; Sonchus tenerrimus
http://flora-on.pt/Utricularia-australis_G-5t.jpg ; Utricularia australis
http://flora-on.pt/Vicia-dasycarpa_rZrh.jpg ; Vicia dasycarpa
http://flora-on.pt/Dactylorhiza-maculata_Alm9.jpg ; Dactylorhiza maculata
http://flora-on.pt/Spiranthes-aestivalis_JPfx.jpg ; Spiranthes aestivalis
http://flora-on.pt/Acacia-longifolia_wg2g.jpg ; Acacia longifolia
http://flora-on.pt/Sagina-saginoides_E1hB.jpg ; Sagina saginoides
http://flora-on.pt/Pedicularis-sylvatica-lusitanica_lVzR.jpg ; Pedicularis sylvatica
http://flora-on.pt/Lobelia-urens_rZFm.jpg ; Lobelia urens
http://flora-on.pt/Herniaria-ciliolata-robusta_1p_I.jpg ; Herniaria ciliolata
http://flora-on.pt/Carex-remota_Oqez.jpg ; Carex remota
http://flora-on.pt/Saxifraga-fragosoi_huNu.jpg ; Saxifraga fragosoi
http://flora-on.pt/Ononis-ramosissima_4f6H.jpg ; Ononis ramosissima
http://flora-on.pt/Psilurus-incurvus_y86h.jpg ; Psilurus incurvus
http://flora-on.pt/Myosoton-aquaticum_kFWF.jpg ; Myosoton aquaticum
http://flora-on.pt/Alisma-lanceolatum_cUNu.jpg ; Alisma lanceolatum
http://flora-on.pt/Plantago-maritima_oG_Q.jpg ; Plantago maritima
http://flora-on.pt/Trachelium-caeruleum-caeruleum_yNAV.jpg ; Trachelium caeruleum
http://flora-on.pt/Cardamine-flexuosa_C6D8.jpg ; Cardamine flexuosa
http://flora-on.pt/Mercurialis-tomentosa_aOrj.jpg ; Mercurialis tomentosa
http://flora-on.pt/Cistus-libanotis__ggE.jpg ; Cistus libanotis
http://flora-on.pt/Inula-montana_ajg4.jpg ; Inula montana
http://flora-on.pt/Galium-aparine_Ni5D.jpg ; Galium aparine
http://flora-on.pt/Limonium-ovalifolium_WwBM.jpg ; Limonium ovalifolium
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-erecta_IVcb.jpg ; Potentilla erecta
http://flora-on.pt/Trifolium-physodes_cQ77.jpg ; Trifolium physodes
http://flora-on.pt/Allium-ampeloprasum_7sSA.jpg ; Allium ampeloprasum
http://flora-on.pt/Iberis-ciliata-contracta_7L_I.jpg ; Iberis ciliata
http://flora-on.pt/Potentilla-anglica_38Xh.jpg ; Potentilla anglica
http://flora-on.pt/Eragrostis-minor_TTiW.jpg ; Eragrostis minor
http://flora-on.pt/Kickxia-elatine_XmIq.jpg ; Kickxia elatine
http://flora-on.pt/Crambe-hispanica_YLKp.jpg ; Crambe hispanica
http://flora-on.pt/Medicago-polymorpha_J7fd.jpg ; Medicago polymorpha
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_V4pz.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Helichrysum-stoechas-stoechas_FKJY.jpg ; Helichrysum stoechas
http://flora-on.pt/Silene-portensis-portensis_L4bU.jpg ; Silene portensis
http://flora-on.pt/Cynodon-dactylon_TpjH.jpg ; Cynodon dactylon
http://flora-on.pt/Scolymus-maculatus_bPnX.jpg ; Scolymus maculatus
http://flora-on.pt/Lonicera-periclymenum-periclymenum_V_3B.jpg ; Lonicera periclymenum
http://flora-on.pt/Arenaria-montana-montana_5wS-.jpg ; Arenaria montana
http://flora-on.pt/Ophioglossum-vulgatum_xYBY.jpg ; Ophioglossum vulgatum
http://flora-on.pt/Centaurea-sphaerocephala-sphaerocephala_erBg.jpg ; Centaurea sphaerocephala
http://flora-on.pt/Cytisus-arboreus-baeticus_U_S1.jpg ; Cytisus arboreus
http://flora-on.pt/Humulus-lupulus_LLcR.jpg ; Humulus lupulus
http://flora-on.pt/Erodium-chium-chium_L73P.jpg ; Erodium chium
http://flora-on.pt/Ophrys-tenthredinifera_eKQn.jpg ; Ophrys tenthredinifera
